CDaisy woz a smack head, and had a massive habbit to supply, five grams a day just to feel normal. She worked the streets ov Plymouth nowadays. But it wasn't always like this for Daisy, she grew up on the sea front. Her father woz a strict Catholic and her future looked really bright.
  Her Grandparents had left Ireland in 1852 due to the potato famine. Queen Victoria's plan to crush Ireland woz in full flow by now. The orange order had known about potato blight, a disease ov potatoes, for a couple ov centuries. They collected blighted potato and used them az a weapon ov mass destruction. Along with the corn laws, she crippled Ireland, around a million people died and something they didn't think about a million emigrated to England and elsewhere. Something that the elite to this day do not understand, people will not just lie down and die. 
  Her grandfather had it pretty good, because he lived in the middle ov nowhere, the landowners didn't bother hiz family. But one ov hiz children brought back some cheep blighted potatoes from the market. They planted them in their fields and that woz it, no more potatoes. The ground from one field got infected, then lack ov knowledge, contaminated the next field. 
 The weather had been rubbish for a few years and to add to their problems, their grain crops were failing. The corn laws made the price ov grain unaffordable for the majority ov people. And az they lived off the land, they had no income. 
  Daisy's grandfather then done a deal with the landlord, finally the Protestants had won, to drive the Catholic bastards out. The laws on land ownership had not beat many people but fucking up their food production did. Waring wiv the clans did not work either, Oliver Cromwell tried that two hundred years ago and Henry VIII a hundred years before that. He sold up, got way below the market price, then moved to Plymouth. 
  Gaining some work down the docks, he got to know a few dodgy types, smugglers and wheelers and dealers. Earned some good money and pretty soon had hiz own business in distribution. Not long after that he owned hiz own house, a factory and a fleet ov trucks. When he died the business passed down to Daisy's father. Everyone in the family had their own homes and had work, they were all set up. 
 All wot Daisy needed to do woz marry a fine Catholic gentleman. One woz set in place for when she reached sixteen. By the 1960's it woz already being frowned upon to fuck children....The holy roman empire still ingrained itself a hundred and fifty years after it woz gone. But behind closed doors.... 

  The first fist connected with Daisy's eye, the full on blast made a flash of blue light appear in her vision.
 "Fuck off, out ov me house, yir dirty bitch. You fucking slag! You ain't part ov this family no more." 
  Daisy's brother had spied on her after school. He caught her giving blow jobs to an American Navy guy. Times were really hard in the sixties and food woz still on rationing from world war II. The American's had chocolate, and they were perverts. They would lay in wait by the schools. Nobody suspected because they were in uniform, ironically they respected because they brought things like meat, tea and coffee. Things that you could not get large quantities ov in England.  When selling a bit ov meat to a mother, they were checking out the kids. 

  Daisy got entrapped when she woz seven. Two navy seals had shore leave for two weeks. They had smuggled loads ov chocolate, and had come to England, the nonces paradise. 
 They lay in wait by the school, eyeing up the kids. Two girls split off from the crowd and walked down a back ally that led to some fields. 
"yeah?"
"yeah." 
    The ally led down past some bombed out ruins. Just piles ov rubble where the buildings were, pulled down to make safe. But you could still see the three craters from the bomb blasts. Nature woz taking back from what woz stolen from it and now there were three ponds with trees around them. The odd tree or bush popping up all over the site.
  The two men jogged up to the little girls, caught up wiv them just az they reached bottom ov the bomb site. 
"Hey babe."  
The girls stopped, turned and looked at the two men in uniform. Daisy trusted anyone in a uniform because her dad woz always doing business wiv them. They brought good things, her dad woz always happy when they came.
"Want some chocolate?" 
"Yeah!" the girls replied in chours. 
"Come on we'll go and make a camp fire." 
  The girls followed the two men into a circluded area ov the bomb site. One ov the men ran off and came back wiv some bits ov wooden furniture. Made a fire and they all sat down. 
  One ov the men pulled out a flask and four glasses. He poured the drinks out, only pouring into two glasses out ov the four. It woz lemonade mixed wiv rohypnol, a drug that will black out your memory but you wront fall asleep. 
 During the six hours black out, the two men stayed wiv the stayed wiv the girls. They made them bleed wiv their fingers, they did have two weeks shore leave so slowly, slowly. They didn't want to split the girls, a visit to the doctor would bring it on top. They could always fuck them tomorrow. 
  They then walked the girls home, handing out a couple ov chocolate bars. The girls were buzzing from the chocolate. Noting where the girls lived,  made there excuses for not meeting the parents. And fucked off down the red light district, their sacks were full from all the excitement. They promised to meet up wiv girls the next day, with some more chocolate. 
  By day three the two men were fucking the little girls, still under the rohypnol. Daisy's first real fuck, where she lost her virginity woz a total black out. She could not remember a thing, not even a flash back. After two weeks she woz broken in like a slapper and her name went onto the nonce visiting list. Passed on down the  lines ov the American navy. Every time the sailors were in town, Daisy had chocolate. They kept her on the rohypnol until she woz eleven, when she started falling for some ov the men. She didn't really need much persuading az her body had been having sex for four years and would go through withdrawal symptoms. Her fanny had been aching for years, and having a wank didn't quite do it. She didn't know that she could take a big fat cock. 
  She woz soon shagging all the time, az she woz still quite young they would always go to the bomb site. By now a shelter had been made up and two bedrooms separated. It had never dawned on the girls wot woz really going on in the early days. Why they sometimes woke up naked in the beds. 
  By fourteen Daisy looked like she woz eighteen and it didn't really matter because it woz still excepted to fuck fourteen year old girls, only respectable girls waited. Prudish Catholic girls. Daisy woz Catholic but she wasn't a prude. The English kids used to bully them at school for being Irish. She then met her best mate, Carroll. Both being ov Irish decent, they were automatically banned from parties, school trips and the like. So they hung around the streets wiv the orphan kids. So learning the Queen's way woz impossible to learn, and her father woz always too busy wiv hiz business and her brothers to give her much time, her mother had eight kids and a house to keep. 
  They got braver and braver az the years went by, and she started giving them blow jobs in public. They didn't care wot the blokes looked like, az long az they had chocolate. They didn't know that they were being ripped off, they could be charging a ha'penny for blow jobs and brought twice az much chocolate. 

  Peter, woz Daisy's eldest brother, he hated hiz sister, jumped wiv delight when he saw her with Carroll, meeting up wiv the Americans. Normally when he followed them, they would give him the slip. They had been sneaking off for years. He knew they hung around with the street kids, but where they went and wot they did, he didn't know that. 
 He watched them walk to a back Street, well known for its use ov lovers creeping off for a shag. There woz a small park at the end ov the street. Which led onto a croft, which woz part ov the church. There were a couple ov benches in the park, which could not be seen from the path tucked away in some bushes. Here, lovers would play wiv each other and have fun.
  Daisy and Carroll sat on the bench, Peter had snuck into the bushes and had a perfected view. Daisy unbuttoned the flies on one ov the men's trousers, stuck her hand inside, unraveled hiz floppy cock. She started to stroke it, slowly it started firming up. It went semi hard when she put it in her mouth.  She then took the full length into her mouth, looking like it should be chocking her. Rocking her head back and forth, he woz soon rock hard. 
  Carroll on the other hand woz struggling a little, her man woz solid before she could unbuttoned hiz flies. He cock got stuck in hiz underwear and she had to undo his belt and drop the trousers. He woz so hard that when hiz cock came out, it springed up and bounced off hiz stomach. Carroll had to stand up to reach the top, she slid her mouth over top ov hiz cock and started sucking. The navy man placed hiz hands on the back ov her head, groaning wiv pleasure. 
  Peter had seen enough, he slipped quietly from the bushes. Ran all the way back to the house. Found hiz father chopping up wood in the yard. Told him everything that he just saw. Gerry went bright red, he picked up the pile ov wood from floor, stormed up to the house. Kicking the door open, he stepped inside the kitchen. Angrily throwing the pile ov wood next to the fire. He then walked into the hallway and sat on the stairs and stared at the front door. Peter stepped into the kitchen, shutting the door quietly. He attended to the fire, smiling to himself. He would get a good view from here. 

 Thump, thump, a left hook, then a right. Daisy fell up the door, slamming it shut, she brought up her arms to protect her face. The blows kept coming, the odd one connecting wiv her face.
In hiz younger days Gerry woz a bare knuckle boxer, so he knew how to fight and at fourteen she woz no match for a big musclely dock worker. He swung an upper cut, it found her chin, her knees buckled and she fell in a heap on the floor. Gerry started to lay the boot in and she curled up in a ball. He kicked her in the kidneys, Daisy's bowls gave up the kick woz so hard. Shit flew out her arse like it woz being pushed out by an invisible force. Piss filled her knickers and made a puddle on the floor. 
 " I better get the fuck out ov here. " Thought Daisy. "That fucker iz gonna kill me." 
She scrambled to her knees, arms still covering her head trying to protect herself from the blows from her father. 
"Ya sucking off proddy cunts, ya fucking bitch." Whack.
"Ya ain't my fucking daughter. Fuck off, out my house." Whack.
"I fucking would do, if you stopped hitting me." Screamed Daisy. 
He didn't stop hitting her, jab, jab in the back ov the head. Jab, jab in the kidneys, Daisy chocked for breath, she woz winded and would have collapsed but her adrenaline had kicked. She wasn't feeling the punches or kicks anymore. Hands scrambling for the door handle, she bent over and used the full force ov her weight to push her father backwards while swinging open the door. 
 Daisy landed hard on the pavement outside the front door ov her house. For a few seconds she felt nothing, then a bluey green flash appeared in her vision, the kick broke her nose, busted her eye, splitting her eyebrow. Blood flew everywhere, little drops reaching the middle ov the road. Daisy curled up into a ball, the kicks kept on coming. She woz really fucked now. Gerry stopped, bent over and whispered in his daughter's ear.
"You ain't no longer part ov this family, if I here you have been using the family name, I will find you and I will kill you."
He then stamped on the back ov Daisy's head for good measure, turned, went into the house and slammed the door shut. 

  Daisy lay there for half an hour, confused and hurting, she had received a few beatings in the past, but nothing compared to this. She would have been beaten wiv a big stick, or a belt, or a slipper, and it would only last less than a minute, at the time it felt like forever. Gerry woz right when he told her to shut up crying, that she didn't know wot a true beating woz...she does now. Fucking christ, it fucking hurt. 
 She picked herself up, bent over in pain. Her vision impaired, due to the swelling. Leaving a pool ov clotted blood from where she lay. Lifting a hand up to feel her nose, withdrawing it back sharply wiv the strike ov pain that hit her. She managed to shuffle her way down to the docks. She knew ov some old tugs that had been rested up in dry dock from the Afghanistan war 75 years ago. With the English invading the world and trying to conquer it since the fall ov the holy roman empire in 1806, starting wars pretty much constantly all the time pretending that they are playing the roll ov global policemen. Things just got left to rot, especially after world war II. 
  She found the boat she woz thinking about. It had a tarpaulin over the deck, which woz pretty tatty from being left years, open to the elements. It wasn't waterproof anymore but it would hide her from people, she really didn't want to meet anyone at the moment. 
Getting into the boat woz a struggle, the pain woz everywhere. Gritting her teeth to fight off the pain she pulled herself up the side and onto the deck. Crawling under the tarp she made herself a bed ov sorts. 
  She lay there for three days, unable to move. When she needed a piss she just pissed, already she had literally had the shit kicked out ov her. She stank like hell but didn't give a fuck, didn't care. It hurt too much to move. 
 She drank rain water from a puddle that had collected on the deck, she didn't eat because she had no food. Finally it woz hunger that drove her out, still struggling to move, she climbed from her hiding place. Hobbling up the docks towards the main road, her progress woz slow. Az luck would have it for Daisy, there were no navy ships in the docks, no sailors in town, no punters to be had.

   Maisy woz pissed off, she had only made one threepenny bit from a dirty Street beggar who really fancied her. He paid over the odds but had mugged a gentleman earlier in the day and didn't care for the price ov money. 
 Maisy thought him a pig, a gob full ov broken, rotted teeth, breath that smelled like a toilet. He woz always drunk and always had the odour ov piss, alcohol and bad breath. 
 Withdrawing off the smack, having seen no punters in days, Maisy woz desperate, she didn't want to touch this dirty cunt, let alone suck him off. But a threepenny bit for a blow job, she couldn't refuse.
 Unbuttoning hiz flies, she puts her hand inside, pulls out hiz floppy cock. Begins wanking it, it begins to grow and stiffen up. Catching a whiff ov hiz bellend az hiz foreskin peeled back. She hurled, managing to keep the puke in her mouth, she wanked him a bit harder. Pulled the foreskin right back and used the puke to clean the yellowing white lumps off hiz cock before she put it in her mouth. 

  Daisy had given up on walking and sat on a bench, shivering in the cold. She thought about her life and started to cry. She could see a girl in a mini skirt puking, one hand on the wall supporting her, bent over. A bloke, totally pissed out ov hiz head woz staggering about beside her, happy az Larry, singing to himself, wiv a big grin on hiz face.
 Maisy finished puking and went to sit on the bench, she looked at Daisy. 
"Fucking hell babe, and I thought my day woz shit."
She pulled some fags from her handbag, put one in her mouth, lit it and sucked in the smoke, held it in, two, three, four. The nicotine hit the blood stream onto the heart, then around the body, the rush felt good. Letting the smoke out in a long huff, she offered Daisy one. Daisy didn't smoke but she thought "fuck it," She will. She felt like shit and remembered that they made you feel nice, she needed some ov that. The drunk beggar had tripped up and fell asleep where he landed, they both looked at him, then at one another. 
"Come on, let's get the fuck out ov here,"  said Maisy. 
She grabbed Daisy by the hand, helping her up, her eyes now dark purple. The swelling had gone down so seeing woz not a problem, just moving her battered body woz cumbersome. 
"Ya got anywhere to go?"  asked Maisy. 
"No, me Dà booted me out." came the reply.
"Did he do that to ya?"
"Yeah, the fucking bastard. Me brother grassed me up for giving blow jobs to the to the sailors."  Chuckled Daisy. 
The kick in had opened a door in Daisy's mind, most people open these doors by taking a tab ov LSD, years ov substance or alcohol abuse will do it, a good beating will do it, extreme violence does it. The doors ov perception to the mind, the doors that lead to mental illness. Never to look upon the world in the same light again. Sarcasm and a twisted sense ov humour are the way ov the mind defending itself from a mental breakdown. That mental breakdown will come one day, it's just waiting for a good time to do it. 
"Huh, men!" Laughed Maisy. 
"Catholic tatty men!" Replied Daisy, laughing out, but wincing in pain.
"Aye, lass. Don't worry about out anymore. I have a squat. It ain't far."

  The old hotel closed down after world war II, the majority ov the menfolk had been killed off in world war I from the Taylor family. World war II finished them all off and even though Margaret woz a strong woman, she woz shite at maths and the knock on effects from the great depression plus two world wars had drove the business into the ground. Heartbroken and bankrupt, Margaret hung herself in 1950. Since that day it woz left alone until the girls ov the street broke it az a squat and turned it into a brothel in 1954. 
  The years the girls had the hotel were good good years, the place woz not so clean. The corridors were never cleaned up and it woz down to the individual girl how clean and tidy their rooms were. Maisy had a room on the top floor, overlooking the sea. Going to the window, the naval docks could be seen. So they could see when a warship woz docked, and there would be hundreds ov American punters, who were very rich and wanted to spend money on a good time, were in town. 
   Maisy picked up an axe and started chopping wood into kindling, she had just put Daisy to bed. Four, four poster beds had been pushed together into the shape ov a T. The horizontal part ov the T woz against the wall, the bottom bed stuck out towards the fireplace. Maisy had made a small kitchen in the grand fireplace. One big iron  pot for food and a kettle iz wot all she possessed. She did have a full set ov copper pans but had weighed them in for some smack when times were quiet.
  The fire crackled into life and the heat warmed the poor battered body on the bed, the first time Daisy had felt warm in days, drifted off into a deep sleep. 
  The tea in the kettle woz some herbs from the countryside. The street kids would go out in the day and do everything they could for survival. From hardcore crime, like robbing people on the streets, to scrumping and foraging the countryside and peoples gardens. They all lived a pretty good life. No one went hungry and they all had a dry place to sleep. They all looked out for each other. The kids had full run ov the cellar to the hotel. Their numbers went up and down, as they were moved from town to town, city to city. There iz only a certain amount ov time that you get away wiv robbing people before bringing yourself on top and ending up in jail. Moving on evaded capture az the police force woz pretty basic in the fifties and they always tried to show themselves more powerful than the next constabulary. Always fighting, always divided, one part ov the big plan that had failed. The forces hated each other, whether they be army V's navy, police V's police, raf V's army, it woz all fucked up. 

  Az drinking vessels, Maisy used jars, for tea, she had a few small jam jars for drinking tea. She had one big one, an old sweet jar, for when they would have parties. It would be filled wiv beer or wine and shared around all the members ov the party. 
  The kettle boiled, Maisy poured the tea out into two jars, picked them up and went and sat on the bed. Nudging Daisy awake, she passed her a jar ov hot herby tea. Daisy took it wiv both hands and sipped, a blanket wrapped around her shoulders, she felt safe now. Finishing the jar, she placed it on the makeshift sideboard alongside the bed, made from some old decking from a ship, balanced on bricks from a bomb site. Daisy woz asleep again before her head hit the pillow, slept until the next day, a heavy dreamless deep sleep. 

   The spoon broke the flame ov the candle, took about twelve seconds to heat the mixture and turn the cloudy light brown mix into a dark brown gloop. Maisy bit the end ov a filter from one ov her fags, ripped it in half and carefully placed it in the spoon. Sucking up the gloop into her none disposable works, she then tied a tourniquet around the top ov her arm, slapped up a vain and banged the pin into it. 
  Daisy awoke and looked into Maisy's face just az the hit had entered her brain. A smile ov contentment and at one wiv the world, Maisy looked up at the girl on the bed, scratching her face.
 "Wanna go?" She asked. 
"Wot iz it?" Asked Daisy. 
"Heroin." 
"Wots it do?"
"Puts ya into a bubble, like your wrapped up in fluffy clouds, and ya forget about everything." 
"Fuck yeah, I could do wiv a bit ov that." 
   Maisy cooked up the washout, sucked the new mix into her works, pulled Daisy's arm out, looking down at the inside ov her arm, she smiled. 
 "Jesus girl. I could hit them wiv me eyes shut."
She didn't need the tourniquet and banged the hit straight in, first time. Daisy felt good, started goofing off, head so heavy, nodding. Eyes heavy, sleeping but not asleep. 
"Wow."  She thought. 
Daisy fell into the trap ov ever decreasing circles ov addiction very quickly. Took her another four years to realise that she might have a problem, but by that time, she didn't care. 
