E
Daisy's dad got hiz karma for being a cunt. He had mixings wiv the IRA. He woz a middle man cell unit. Five men to this cell. They didn't carry out missions against the English government so much. They worked wiv them. Gerry had connections to some dodgy fuckers in the American navy seals. They dealt in anything they could lay their hands on. Gerry first started buying arms and explosives.   Being a middle man to supply the active cells all over England. He knew the seals and the men in hiz cell were the donkeys, distributing the goods. There woz the odd occasion when they had a good supply ov explosives, they would go out to play. Most ov the time they would do a bin bomb. A nasty IRA tactic for maximum public damage. Frank, sergeant in the cell, woz a nasty fucker and he hated the English. He loved he bin bombs. He used to experiment wiv different methods ov causing destruction. Hiz favourite invention woz the nail, ballbearing, rock salt, tar bomb. This fucker would explode, firing. Ball bearings flew fastest, like bullets ripping into people, crushing bones and flying out the other side. Travelling through three people before the energy haz been dissipated. Then came the nails, soft enough to make impact and enter the body, but would mangle up against bones and stay lodged inside. Frank had a horrible trick for the nails, he would go on a bender for a few weeks, drinking scrumpy and nips ov pure single malt Irish. The only food he consumed woz oats, from hiz garden. The dog would piss on the oats and gave them a unique flavour. Frank liked it. The first time he tried it, he couldn't put hiz finger on wot the taste woz. It never tasted like that, back in Ireland. When his mother used to make it.........
  "Frank! Frank! Go and collect some sea water. I need some salt fe me kitchen." The seven year old Frank grabbed hold ov the bucket and legged it, the two mile hike, down the mountain to the sea shore. It woz the early hours ov the morning and the sun had not yet risen. Pitch black, but this didn't matter to Frank az he knew this trip, every square inch ov it, every rock, every stone. He ran past the spring, which fed them pure, clean drinkable water. Down to the damped pond, where they bred fish. Over the dam and down the gully. The tens ov thousands ov rain flowing down the mountain had created a cut in the mountain. Like god had chopped an axe into it. Hail, bless Mary. The bucket splashed into the black water, moonlight glistening in the ripples. Two seconds and it woz full. When full, it woz a struggle for the seven year old body to run, so the return woz slower. "There yir go, ma." Frank dumped the bucket next to the fire, on the kitchen floor. Hiz mother already had the thick cast iron pot, heating up on the fire. She picked the bucket up and poured the water into the pot.They would boil the sea water and get the salt left over at the end. Frank had a fascination wiv this and would prove a great skill for later on in life. Suddenly the door to the little mountain shack bust open. It woz the orange men. The had past a law saying that the Irish must pay their taxes and being self serficiant iz not allowed. Especially if you're Catholic. Frank's father woz getting kicked to fuck, by two no neck beasts. One had a chain around hiz father's throat, and woz jerking hiz head to and throw. The other, woz using hiz head for kicking practice. Teeth flying out wiv a penalty kick. Frank's father couldn't even see the kicks coming any more, hiz eyes completely shut, blood pissing out. All he could see woz the sudden flashes when a kick would connect with hiz head. He didn't see the full on stomp, which inbeded the pattern ov sole ov the boot, into hiz face. The stomp that snapped hiz neck. The no neck with the chain woz a professional at torture. Before the body hit the floor, he grabbed the hair on the head and lifted it skywards. "Not yet, yir fukin Catholic bastard. Yir not ginnae git out ov it that quickly." Quickly he grappled the lifeless body, supporting the neck az to let the lungs catch he air down the windpipe. Heart still beating, he'd done well wiv this one. The no neck, chain, dragged Frank's father into shack, stood him up in front ov everyone. He looked dead. "give me some ov that salt, woman." Shouted, no neck, chain. Lord Digby, looked at the woman, then slapped her. "Get the fukin salt." "Don't yir, slap me mum, yir bastard." Shouted the little Frank. Running up to Lord Digby and punching him in the belly. The Lord drew hiz fist back and punched Frank az hard az he could. Knocked the little fucker clean out. Busted two teeth and broke his nose. Probably a good job Frank didn't see them rapping hiz mother. The no neck, chain, poured the pure salt into the sore wounds on the lifeless body, and this brought Frank's father's head into life. He screamed. Looked down to hiz body, floppy. The moment that he looked towards hiz groin woz the moment hiz bowle muscles gave up, shit and piss flew out, sounding like an old deflating whoopy cusion that iz full ov gob. "Gbhurgh, g, c." Gurgled Frank's father. "HA HA HA," the orange men laughed. "Look at me, you Catholic, Irish fucking bastard", boomed lord digby. "fucking, look at me, when I am speaking to you." He grabbed a handful ov the ginger locks, ov Frank's mother, who woz lying facedown on the floor. Tilted her head back so she could see Frank's father in hiz sorry state. Once a strong man, reduced to a rag doll, reeking, with the stench ov blood, shit and piss. She puked, az soon az the smell hit her nostrils. The trail ripped into the inside ov her stomach, and pulled it inside out. Her lungs filled with the toxic air. Her body spasmed with the evil and jerked, like she woz having a fit. But it woz no fit. It woz her God, leaving her. She couldn't understand why. She cried. Lord Digby grabbed hold ov hiz knife from the holster, ov hiz belt. He cut at the clothes on her body, not caring, if he cut her. All he wanted woz to humiliate. The smell ov her own blood made her puke again. When her clothes fell to the floor, she pissed herself in fear. By this point she woz kneeling. Digby had a foot at the back ov one ov her knees, preventing her from standing up. Locks in one hand, knife in the other. He woz getting off on the kaos. The smell ov fear, the blood, oh how he loved that smell. Reminded him ov the opium wars..... LORD DIGBY. RISE OV THE CHRISTIAN TERRORISTS. They found the small village, up a mountain in the outback ov Afghanistan. 1878, they say that this woz the start ov the second war between the British empire. But they lie. Written in the books the first war woz between 1838 - 1842. But it never stopped. Digby woz born in 1840, slap bang in the middle ov the kaos. Hiz mother, dame Digby had to run into the mountains to hide from the onslaught ov the Afghani tribes. The British suffered heavy casualties. Lord Digby senior, stayed to fight, but woz killed within a minute by an elephant. Who picked up the Lord with hiz truck and bashed hiz head into a tree. Then tossed the body up into the air. If the Lord woz not yet dead, he woz when he landed hard on the floor, followed by two, two tonne feet ov the elephant. The foot on the rib cage, making the same sound az a cockroach being trod upon. The foot on the head, squashing down. Pop, like a grape, the brain flies into the dirt. A few fighers regrouped, found Frank's mother, up the mountain, and they ran further into the himalayers. This iz where young Digby grew up. Fighting Afghanis all hiz life. At six years old, he wandered into an afghani village and stired up a fight with some of the boys. The first one he killed, woz esay. He didn't expect a rock to smash hiz skull inwards. The second boy put up hiz arm to protect himself. The rock smashed into hiz arm, snapping it with a crack. The boy yelped and moved hiz arm for the second blow, only to receive the full blow ov the rock inbetween hiz eyeballs. He enjoyed that and wanted more ov it. But he woz not strong enough yet, to take the world on. To take on these bastard jihads. But the Lord woz wrong. The people ov the mountains didn't worship any God's. They were at one with nature. But in reality, Digby didn't give a fuck. He loved killing. He woz a Christian terrorist, a member ov the Knights templer. Follower ov the saint George's cross. He met the no neck brothers at eight years old. Like him, they had fled into the mountains to evade being slaughtered in 1840. A couple ov years older than Digby, they already had a rep for torturing and murdering people. No neck, chain, got his name from hiz love ov chains. It woz a good weapon for smashing people up, good and proper, but not to do too much damage, az to kill them. He could keep them alive for days. Tie them up with hiz chains and use them az a punch bag. Forever experimenting new ways ov taking people close to the door ov death, then bringing into life again. Hiz secret experiment, woz a 13 year old girl, who he had hidden away from the age ov 11. He caught her when one ov the villages went on a foraging party. She wandered off from the elders. Chain woz hidden behind a rock and when the girl walked out ov sight, from the others. Chain thumped her on the head, and chucked the limp body over hiz shoulder. Back at hiz cave, he put the girl on the floor. Moved a gigantic rock, five times larger than chain, himself. He had made a jemmy bar, from the iron ore in the rocks that surrounded hiz cave. Hiz elders had passed the knowledge of forging onto him, and he woz very skilled. From swords, to body armour, from cooking pots to cages, he could make anything out of metal. He could even make pretty metal flowers and nice romantic fluffy things. But fuck that, romance woz for pussies. He hated romantic people, but he loved their hearts. Got really good at punching a hole in someone's rib cage with hiz specialist designed knuckle duster. Not quite a knuckle duster, it had five blades that stuck straight out. Which were an inch longer than hiz outstretched fingers. With what looked a bit like an open handed slap, chain would, in the quick ov a flash, snap hiz arm straight out and back again. In less than a second he had smashed through the victim's rib cage and twisted out the heart. They would still be alive when chain took hiz first bite ov their hearts. Chain would chuckle to himself at the faces, when they realise that death woz seconds away and their pump ov life woz being eaten in front ov their eyes. Hiz best favourite iron mongery woz making weapons ov torture. The more pain and slower the death, the more he enjoyed it. By 11 years old he started having a wank over some. He didn't like boys, but the girls turned him on. He couldn't understand it, because the elders never taught him that before they got wiped out. He accidently discovered wanking one day shaking hiz dick after a piss. It went hard, it felt nice so he carried on until he came. All the British elders died in 1843. The waring Afghanis, stormed into the mountains and killed every English mother fucker in sight. The kids escaped, buried in holes and covered up by the Knights ov the red cross. Who then turned to fight the jihads. Totally out numbered, when they walk through the shadow of death, they fear no evil. For the power and goly. For their father art in heaven. Hollow thee thy name. Yours will be done. God bless King George. Amen. ¥¥¥¥page 2¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥/*add memories *// PAGE 3 FRANK'S FATHER DIES. GUTS FOR SLUTS. Chain yanks the head in hiz hand and shakes it around. The pain kicks in, causing the brain to block out the pain and switch off. But the no neck iz a professional and slices the belly ov the limp body. Just enough to cut the skin and through the first layer ov fat. He dips hiz hand into the piss on the floor. Rubs some shit into the palm for good measure. Then pats it into the salt pot. Pulls it up to check it by the light ov the fire. The salt crystals gleaming a funny, yellow, brown colour, with bits ov sharpe light, bouncing from the firelight. At this point Frank awoke, facedown in hiz own blood. The warm piss from hiz mother had cooled down on the stone floor and woz like ice by the time it soaked into Frank's clothing. Shivering from the cold, pain from the front ov hiz head. Frank woz silent, swallowing, felt a lump in hiz mouth. Beside the moler teeth and the tongue. What's that? He thought. Bit down, it woz hard az fuck. Too hard to bite. He spat out. The tooth hit the floor, followed by clotted blood. That's when he felt the other tooth. Spat that on the floor. Stared at the two broken teeth in a pool ov clotted blood and piss, for a few seconds, then looked up at the hand covered in salt crystals. The intestinal sack woz now beginning to seep out through the slices ov fat. The salt covered hand shot to the sack and poked it, rubbing salt, shit and piss into the layers ov fat. Frank's father's head, woke up screaming and gurgling a weird noise. It would be a scream ov pain, but due to hiz neck being broken, hiz voice box shattered, all he could manage woz a fucked up squeak and a gurgle. No neck, chain, laughed and got really excited. "fukin great! This one be alive fe days now, if I want it be." He had learned hiz trade from the crusaders. Knowledge passed down over two millennia. 

   The lionheart. At the age ov nine, Prince Richard woz betrothed to the nine year old daughter ov the French king Louis VII, Princess Alais. Henry II, Richard's father had tricked hiz weakling counterpart Louis VII into handing over hiz daughter with the promise ov Richard's hand in marriage, when she became ov age. But, alas, like many promises the king made, this promise woz never fulfilled and she became a prisoner to Henry for 25 years. Where he used her az hiz sex slave. He would shag her up the arse, then get her to clean hiz dick with her mouth and tongue. In the beginning she woz nice and tight. But by the time she woz 34 years old, she had no sphincter musles left and the shit would just flow out ov her body. She smelt fucking awful. She had to go. In 1189, the lionheart, 31 years old. Succeeded the throne, but didn't want to marry that smelly cunt. Besides he preferred fucking babies by now. Due to hiz preferences for boys and babies, he never had an heir. Oh, he had children, but they were bastards, from rapes he committed from where he had ran out ov pig fat and the arse woz too dry and too tight. He would get the women to tickle their own clits, to get them wet. Then fuck them like humans were designed to fuck for reproduction. He didn't like the smell ov women. Dirty, fishy cunts, piss and sweat. The medieval human woz minging, many lived their whole lives without washing. With the lionheart's lack ov interest in women and rufusing to marry dirty smelly cunts who stunk ov fish and piss. On hiz coronation the part ov the Queen woz played by by hiz mother, Eleanor. And how he enjoyed the sex sessions with hiz mother. The only woman that he had any consideration for. When he woz a baby, Eleanor got turned on by when he suckled her tits for milk. She would rub herself between her thighs and squirt like a fountain for about a minute. To watch it, you would be fooled into thinking she woz having a piss. She then made her maids clean up the love juice by drinking it off the floor. But first she would get them to clean her with their tongues. She went through scores ov maids. Always had two at a time. She picked them up around 11 years old. Around the time they had a bed ov pubic hair, but it woz still soft, like a rabbit. By 18 they would be wirery, and only the very sexy ones lasted until the age ov 22. Then they were like brillo pads and she didn't like the long hairs getting stuck in her teeth. So she slit their throats and ate their hearts and bathed in their blood. That's how their lives ended. Up until till death they would spend their whole lives naked in the Queen's quarters. They were made to lick the crack ov the royal arse after a shit. They were made to eat puke off the floor. Any foul thing that needed cleaning up, that woz their lifes work. Every royal member, all over the world did this, and to this day, still does. Though nowadays they can't murdering so many people az they used too. And they have stopped them licking floors and eating shit due to a lot would die from nasty illnesses and diseases. Eleanor would not bathe in the blood ov the diseased one's. These were for fermentation. These were her present for the dirty Muslim and Jewish cunts. The lionheart loved hiz mother. Every time he returned to France, he would go to hiz quarters and tell everyone that he woz tired from battle and not to disturb him for a week. From there, there woz a secret passage to Eleanor's quarters. ....."They would have sex for the week. Shagging, sleeping, Shagging, sleeping. They ate the bodies ov the two teenage girls."........(eyewitness account, of Prince Richard fucking his mother. Marine Martina. 1190.France). He pulled back the curtyain to where she slept. Eleanor woz naked on the bed. One ov the maids had her head inbetween Eleanor's legs. The other maid woz sitting on Eleanor's face and playing with Eleanor's tits. Rolling one nipple between her finger and thumb. Sucking the other. Her tongue flipped in and out, licking the crack. Lapping slowly upwards from from the hole up to the clit, then wiggled her tongue around the clit, encircling it a number ov times before repeating the process. Blood gushed out all over Eleanor's cunt. She had just come and woz spirting her love juice. So she didn't notice the blood. The hand holding the head ov the maid. The blood woz warm, just like she woz. When the heart stopped and the blood stopped pouring out the gash in the throat. The lionheart tossed the body on the floor. The maid on top ov Eleanor woz having multiple orgasms and wouldn't have noticed a full on battle going on. See didn't even notice the sword stick into her neck. It woz now and inch deep and blood woz trickling out. Pointing the sword downwards towards the inside ov her body. The lionheart looked at the maid, he could see that she woz really enjoying having hiz mother's tongue up her fanny. This enraged the young prince and he nastily push hard on the sword with gritted teeth. He woz already naked, the sight ov the teenage girls repulsed him. He wasn't into tits. He preferred hairy chests and a nice stiff cock any day. But he had something for hiz mother. Maybe it woz the bond from being in her whom. Maybe it woz institutionalisation ov being her sex object since birth. The girls turned him off, but their blood turned him on and he woz hard. With the death throw ov the maid, he stuck hiz cock into hiz mother's cunt and fucked her hard. She woz sloppy wet, entry woz fast and easy. He fucked her till she woz dry, made her sloppy wet, then fucked her till she woz dry again. They fucked for hours. Ignoring the dead naked bodies. Rubbing their blood over each other. After around eight hours, they stopped the sex session. Lionheart bent over the edge ov the bed and grabbed hiz knife. He punched a hole in the rib cage ov the girl on the bed. Cracking one rib, then another. One more, then he poked hiz fingers inside. Tugging the heart out, ripping into it and tearing in half with hiz teeth. Passed half to hiz mother, ate the other for himself. They stayed in her quarters having sex and eating the bodies until all the flesh had gone. They saved the bones and shit sacks for the pigs. 
