 Gerry had came across some Anthrax, he told Frank about it. Frank's eyes lit up wiv excitement. "Yir fukin beuti, jist wot I wonted,"  he took the sealed container, shook it. It woz full, the size ov a coffee flask. "Fukin hell, there iz enough here to wipe out the whole ov fucking England."  grinning like a Cheshire cat. 
    Frank took the flask to hiz workshop,  locking the door behind him, he placed the Anthrax on hiz bench. There were various glass jars dotted around, metal boxes to match. The jars were full ov all kinds ov odds and sods. A huge chemistry jar full ov rock salt, a few jam jars full ov nails and ball bearings. All the ingredients for making dirty bombs. 
   The semtex woz boxed up in a wooden ammo box, painted green. The orangey red compound ov the Vollum M36 top grade, lit up Frank's face when he opened it, a faint yellowing brown. He smiled, reaching a hand inside. Pulls a lump ov the cheesy substance, which had been precut into lumps, in selected sizes. Places it inside a pressure cooker, into a small wax mould that had already been prepared. 
   Grabbing some nails, ball bearings and some rock salt, he mixes the concoction around the semtex in the middle, wiv the care ov a fairy. He then pours a few healthy drops ov the fermented shit and piss, giving it a little shake before the pour. 
  He chuckled to himself, hiz eyes beaming like a child would on their fourth birthday party. Turning the top ov the flask, then sprinkling the spores ov the Anthrax into the already toxic mixture ov the dirty bomb. Ironically the English had developed this strain just after world war II and Frank woz going to infect them wiv their own poison. He started laughing to himself, "Fukin English cunts. They will pay." 
    He made ten pressure cooker bombs, carefully dripping melted wax to seal the Vollum cheese, inserting a couple ov wires into the top. They then were wired onto a small six volt emergency lighting battery. Which just fit snug in its little spot. Wiv the care ov a butterfly, he quickly solders a small remote switch onto the end ov the wires. These would be operated by a remote control device. 
   He then sealed it all wiv warm tar, not too hot, that might set the fucker off. He got a flashback to Jimmy one arm, who had shown him how to make these pressure cooker bombs.

    Jimmy woz old skool, deep Catholic roots, it woz like he had just landed from the Victorian era. A military conservative attitude. Women knew their place, they stayed in the kitchen and looked after the kids. And he made sure that hiz offspring were everywhere. Fuck the system and fuck everything he could lay hiz hands on. Hiz sperm went deep into English societies. 
   He had no respect for women, they could only talk when spoken to. Treating kids the same, 'the little cunts should be seen and not heard', woz hiz favourite motto. He barked orders at people. A proper sergeant major. 
  "Stand back Frank, this iz the dangerous bit," Jimmy said. A pan ov hot tar in hiz hand. He had made a small pipe bomb from some 7/8"  copper tube. Some nails inside, then a tiny blob ov the orangey red compound, on top ov a small pencil battery. A couple ov wires fed up to the top. Stuffed into the semtex and a small switch. 
   A flash ov light exploding before Frank's eyes, he flew backwards, more reflex than from the blast. Covering hiz head wiv hiz arm az the deafening boom rang in hiz ears. Nails piercing hiz whole body, embedding themselves deep into hiz flesh. "GrrrrrA!" Screaming in agony, "wit da fuck!" 
   Jimmy stood there, smiling, "tolt yi, it wiz fukin dangerous."  Blood woz pissing out ov everywhere. There woz a stump ov where hiz left arm used to be. Trickles ov clarrot following from wot looked like fifty bullet holes, none ov the nails visible that had made them.
   "Yir fukin nutter, wot da fuck have ya jist done," Frank inquired, more ov a 'you cunt' statement, than a question. "ha ha, dats not how ta fukin do it,"  Laughed Jimmy. "Fuck. Yir no kiddin!" Replied Frank. 
   Jimmy woz pretty fucked after that for making bombs, he spent months in a hideout having operations to remove the nails. They couldn't take them all out in one go due to it would put hiz body into too much shock. Infections would delay the operations, which in turn would lead to the wounds healing, just to be cut open again to retrieve the nail. The longer it took the more hiz nervous system woz attacked and the more painful it became. 
   Jimmy had a nervous twitch after that, hiz one arm had a life ov it's own now. It would do involuntary spasms out ov the blue. He used this to hiz advantage and would slap people who he didn't like, then blame it on hiz disability. 
   

     The bombing campaign woz designed by Jimmy, the English lizards had stepped up a gear and had taken out a few IRA cells. Many ov the cells fought to the death, only a few ended up getting nicked. Jimmy's son woz shot dead in the round up, this in turn grew the hate for all the English, for it woz them fuckers that kept on voting for the lizards. And he used hiz religion to promote that hate. 
   It woz Frank's baby to make dirty bombs, he woz studying up on anything to do wiv gorilla warfare, terrorism. He had a connection to the intelligence unit deep in government, that's were he found out about bio warfare and wot the English were up to. Studying files about the use ov hollow dum dum bullets in the war wiv Germany, Afghanistan and the Middle East that had started in 1837 and finished with the end ov world war II. To end up wiv the new world order, still Afghanistan and the Middle East remain unconquered to this day. 
   The nastier the tool ov death, the more Frank liked it. He didn't give a fuck for the English either and had always thought that the idea ov just hitting military targets to be fruitless. 
   When he came across Anthrax he got a hard on, when he found out that he could get hold ov some he woz in extasy. He went to the bog and had a wank over the joy. Discussions wiv Jimmy they had decided to infect the public, az the more liberal members ov the IRA were now dead. They were now out ov control. 
   

   Gerry woz now in general control ov all the cells across England, he didn't really give a fuck about anything. He just loved death and violence, and he didn't understand anything about bio warfare and didn't really want to know anything about it. He made mission plans for attack, the more twisted and horrific the attack the more he reveled in joy. 
   The plan woz to plant the Anthrax bombs across cities in England, the spores ov the Anthrax would release into the atmosphere and enter the lungs ov their victims. Left unchecked for a few days, the virulent spores could be passed on by a sneeze or a cough. At first signs ov infection, it would be passed off az the flu. By the time people started dying and they realised wot woz going on it would already be an epidemic. 
   Gerry loved the plan, he instructed hiz cell to distribute the dirty bombs around the country. Three bombs for London, targeting spots along the Thames next to the houses ov parliament. The other seven were sent to random cities were they still had cells set up. 
    Robbo and Paddy two men that were the distribution unit, both had training wiv the English army and had deep connections to the SAS. They pretended to follow the orange order and worked their way up to the top, well az high up az they could get az only lizards could become officers and generals. 
   Frank had got hold ov a batch ov dum dum bullets, Robbo and Paddy were armed up to the hilt wiv them, "I sure miss da ol war days,"  Said Robbo.  "Aye," replied Paddy. "wit yir say, our time haz gone, I wanna go oot wiv a bang. We are old fucks now."  Paddy looked at Robbo and smiled. "Aye!" 
   Robbo woz playing wiv hiz AK47, checking all the parts, stripping it down and cleaning it. Filling the cartridges wiv dum dum bullets. He then done the same to Paddy's tool.
   Reaching into the back ov the van he pulls out two snipper rifles, the same process az before, strip and clean. "let's go to war." He grinned. 
