Chapter.3   About five tribes made it back to Star and Moon's gaff, totalling around 50 people. Long hair had been dishing the sugacubes out so many people were wondering aimlessly around and the flat woz kaos. A fire had been built in the garden and some freaks were sitting around it, drinking home brew and passing on the spliffs. 

  Moon had decided to fuck it all off and start a new life. Fuck her job off. It wasn't just the acid, that probably opened the door. But she knew that people didn't like lesbians, she learned all about that at school with her first girlfriend. She had been best of friends with this girl from day one. She lived on route to school, and would pop around her house every day. In the beginning they were just friends, they would play mummies and daddy's and act out wot their folks did at night. They started kissing each other, and it felt nice. This went on for a few years then they started experimenting with sex. Then they got addicted to sex. They would sneak off into the fields on the way to school for a shag. They would do it on the way home, they were a couple ov horny nymphomaniacs. They weren't aware that it woz wrong and it woz gonna bring a massive pile ov shit onto themselves. 
   They were playing footsey with each other's pussies in class, Moon could feel her friend's knickers were wet wiv her big toe, she giggled. They stared at each other, this woz love. The bell rang and they ran to the toilets, entering one cubical. Eagerly they shut the door and started necking each other, hands all over each other, Moon undoing her best friend's belt, totally obviously to where they were and who woz about. 
   A group ov girls had gathered in the toilets, one had noticed Moon and her friend and told a few ov her friends. They all piled in the two cubicals adjacent to the one Moon woz in. Peeping over the top. 
   Moon woz on her knees wiv her head in her best friend's muff, two hands on her head, pulling them into the crutch. Eyes closed, contentment, a whimper ov delight. 
"Kor, that looks fun." whispered one ov the onlookers. "Don't it just," smiled her friend. "Ya wanna try it out?" grinning, "yeah!"
    Before long there woz a group ov twelve girls all eating carpets. And some couldn't hold their enjoyment, started screeching out. The noise got louder and louder. None ov the girls noticed the others making any noise because they were all enjoying themselves too much. 
   Mrs Harris, a maths teacher, a big fat bitch wiv blonde hair sat up in her chair, spat out her tea, "What the heck is that noise?" Mrs Harris, spoke correct but she wasn't posh. She woz an evil woman and wotever happened to her in her life, she took it out on the children. She jumped up, followed by a number ov other teachers out ov the staffroom. 
  By the time Mrs Harris got to the toilets, it sounded like a hardcore porno movie. Mrs Harris's plump cheeks turned bright red and she went into a war spasm. She ploughed into the orgy grabbing the girls by the hair and banged their heads together, two by two. The girls that were already nicked were led out by the other teachers. They were paraded up to the head master's office in the state ov dress they were found. Just over half had no knickers or skirts on, just their blue blazers, a light blue shirt, socks and shoes.
   All the girls were nicked apart from Moon's cubical, Mrs Harris could hear the toilet seat creaking in a steady rhythm, she entered the cubical adjacent quietly, shoot on the bog and woz shocked at wot she saw.
  Moon and her best friend were totally naked apart from their socks and shoes. Moon woz sitting on the toilet with her legs spread apart, her groin just slightly pertruding away from the basin, pushing herself towards the other girl. Pussies grinding. Her best friend pushing towards her. 
"WHAT THE FUCK!"  Screamed Mrs Harris, she never swore in front ov the children, but she woz shocked, "you dirty little whores, stop that immediately!" 
  The two girls shagging, stopped dead, everything when into slow motion. Their hearts stopped, then started beating again really fast. 
"Get that blasted door open." barked the maths teacher. 
Moon's best friend went to pick up her clothes, Big H spotted wot she woz up too, "Oh no you don't, young madam. You leave everything were it is. The head master needs to see the evidence. And you will go to hell for this. Blasphemy. You will be made an example ov....."
   Big H didn't shut up nagging all the way to the head master's office, yak, yak, yak. She opened the door to the hallway leading up to office ov punishment. Ten girls were all lined up facing the wall, seven were naked waist down. Big H guided the girls to their own little spaces along the wall, then went into see Tilbow. They were there for hours, each girl woz marched into the office and each and everyone ov them grassed on Moon, said, "they watched and copied her,"
   
    Mr Tilson called an emergency assembly an hour before they were due to leave, word woz sent out to have each ov the girls mother's attend. The vicar woz there are the police were there to charge all the girls wiv sodomy az it woz illegal. 
   The school woz mixed so the embarrassment for the girls woz immense. The assembly woz full, and the girls were walked on stage in wot every state ov dress they were in when they were nicked. The vicar gave a sermons, blasting homosexuality and a full on lecture about it, then Tilbow told the gathering the events ov the day. Giving each ov the girls ten ov the best on their open palms. When it came to Moon, she woz called the devil's child and that she woz an outcast ov society. She got twenty ov the best on her arse. 
   All twelve girls were then marched to the police station, they paraded them down the street one by one. By now a crowd had appeared along route from the school to the police station. Mothers in tears, a rabble hurling rotten veg at the girls, followed by shouts ov 'lesbians, fuck off!'....'whore'.....'devils bitch'....and the like. By the time Moon woz paraded out the whole town woz there to see it. A flashback to Medieval times in 1950's England. It woz more like a public execution, Moon, totally naked being led up to her death bed, to be hung from the neck, till half dead, then quartered, where for this crime, her guts must be cut away from her belly while still alive, and all the entrails must be displayed out and cleansed, to wash the devil out. A good executioner could keep the victim alive for days and really dish the pain out. Luckily for Moon she woz born a few hundred years after they did those things in public. But the humiliation woz the same. 
   Hundreds appeared for the court dates. It woz national news every day for the six month trial. Three ov the girls committed suicide. Moon's girlfriend ended up in a mental hospital, along with two others. And the ironic twist iz they all ended up in borstal and because they don't have az many prisons for girls, they all ended up in the same one. Where some ov the girls managed to carry on their sexaul activities. 
   Borstal woz not nice, ran like a military training camp. Five am wake up. Slop out buckets ov shit and piss from the night before. An hour's march, breakfast, bible practice. March, hard graft, march, dinner. Two hour break, were they all slept in one big dorm, so were left there. Then the afternoon woz pretty much the same az the morning. It woz the inbetween bits when there were no screws about, some girls from boredom, some through love developed relationships, if they got caught having sex they would get put down the block, where they would be locked up for days, sometimes weeks, on there own. Even though they had their little tribes and used to bitch, and have cat fights. Sex woz their escape and they would all pull together to keep an eye out for the screws. A few girls would be look out, while a few would shag each other.       
    Everything woz right in everyone else's face so nothing woz private, only a blanket to protect their modesty, which quite often did nothing. Some ov the girls were not into it and lay on their bunks, sleeping, or pretending to sleep and secretly watching, thinking, 'I wish I had the bottle to do that,' while rubbing themselves. Others did not want sex with other women but were quite happy to join in the communal wank. One good thing that borstal taught them woz not to be shy, many went into porn and screwing in front ov people woz normal now.
   Moon did three years for her crimes, she grew to hate the system. But she woz intelligent and blagged it, she didn't fight it. She got her head down and proved that she had seen the 'light ov god' and she has changed. She attended chapel every Sunday and Thursday. Then told warden that she wanted to teach, to put back into society ov wot she had taken from it. The blag worked wonders az they gave her a university grant and a placement in Brighton. 


  The party woz in full swing now an acoustic band appeared and started playing, just set off from the fire. A guy in a purple fishtail suit and top hat playing a flute dancing around egging the crowd on. A guy wearing just a blanket, dropping hiz blanket jumps up to join in the dance. This sets off a trigger reaction and a few others join in the naked dance. 
   Star and Moon had made a bed up by the fire with some blankets and were snuggling into each other. Passing spliffs and drinking home brew, chatting, telling each other secrets. Moon kept on blowing Star's mind open with her stories, about travelling, university, the peace convoy. 

  Moon flew through university and decided that she would go off for a year out travelling. She decided to go to Thailand, a girlfriend ov her's told her about the times she had been there growing up, on a military base. The American lizards at odds with the Chinese lizards, gave the Thai lizards loadza money and set up military basses. Since 1950, Lizard America haz one up on the Chinese. This woz also a strategic point to control due to the access to the golden triangle, the golden prize ov smack. Also set up the big plan for the war to kick the shit out ov Vietnam and Afghanistan, their so called 'comunist' and 'muslim' enemies.   
    The door to the plane opened, Moon sat in her seat and waited for the rest ov the passengers to leave before she got up, after the best part ov a day to fly there, wots the point of queuing up in a line for twenty extra minutes in an enclosed aisle. She sparked up a fag and chilled, drinking up the last ov her wine stash that she blagged. 
   The service on Thai air iz first class. The stewardesses were coming around with wine and whiskey, and were returning for a refill before she could finish them. Two glasses in each hand, both full, sipping at the whisky, Moon woz in heaven. "More visky?" a high pitched Thai voice asked, "yes please,"  Moon necked back the whisky back in one to empty the cup for its refill. 
   She had been to the army surplus store for her kit bag and picked up a couple ov cloth water flasks. She grabbed both ov them. A good traveller trick iz to travel light and only have hand luggage. The kit bags from the army are perfect for this, when empty they took up the same space az a coat. And you could stuff two sleeping bags in them and still have room. 
   The stewardesses refilled the glasses countless ov times, Moon got totally pissed out her brains and had both ov her drinking vessels half full. She fell into a deep asleep, they probably would have filled her vessels if she managed to stay awake. 

  Stepping onto the steps made from bamboo, and climbing down backwards due to the gradient, the tropical heat hit Moon with a gush, just like stepping into an oven. The shock ov stepping from a cool twenty degrees to forty plus, took her breath away. In three seconds she woz dripping with sweat. 
   The airport woz a shed made from corrugated iron for the roof and some randomly placed walls, that looked like you could push them over, holding the roof up. There were a few hundred army men standing guard in various strategic positions with machine guns. To the distance there were more army men and a couple tanks. Every so often a bunker made out ov sand bags wiv a corrugated roof. Holding two mounted machine guns each. The runway woz just a redish brown dirt, in fact there woz not any concrete on the roads anywhere.              
  The jungle thick, would swallow the up roads, making them disappear into a sea ov dark green. Fighting for control the people had hacked at the jungle and made homes from wotever they could find. It woz pure kaos, their woz no structure to the set up. A shanty city. If there woz no building or road it woz jungle. A posh shanty had corrugated iron roof and a shanty shanty used banana leaves. 
   Getting through the airport woz intimating with the guards on maximum alert. Eyes bulging from their faces, grinding teeth, machine guns in hand. 'looks like they are all speeding their tits off' thought Moon. The waiting to get through passport control took two hours. There didn't seem to be any reason for it, there woz just a laid back slowness for everything. Nobody woz rushing around, in fact most people were stood, watching life go by. 
   A little walk from the airport there woz a barbed wire fence and more guards, then passed the fence through a sandbag and corrugated iron entrance. Machine guns and speed. Even though she had listened to the stories from her friend, had built up a picture in her mind, the reality woz a massive shock. Hundreds ov people everywhere, hundreds ov animals everywhere. The noise ov the jungle five times louder than all the other noises put together. 'bri,bri,bri,bri,bri,bri' the constant screeching ov insects. 
 "Hellos my friend, yu wan taxi?"  a short guy said with jet black hair, "Bangkok wery dangerous, I take yu, safe place, safe place,yes!" it woz more ov a statement ov fact than asking a question. He took hold ov Moon's arm and guided her through her crowd, waving people away az they came up shouting things at people. Turning around he says "yu ok. Yu wiv me. My name pear. Me yu guide. I have tuk tuk. Me take yu hotel. Bangkok, wery dangerous. Yes." 
   A chicken flew up in the air, 'bok, bok, bok' it shouts. Smoke from a fire hits Moon's eyes, stinging them. A gorgeous smell ov food, joss sticks, then a sharp waft ov ammonia, which took away her breath away from the open sewer, which woz just a long ditch. Stalls selling food, smells wafting upwards, lovely. Then the horrid fog, stealing every drop ov oxygen from the smokey polluted rank air. People everywhere, an ox looking like it woz swimming in a pool ov people, rickshaws and pull carts, like ants all over the road, there didn't appear any rules. The carts just went anywhere they wanted to go, how there wasn't one big massive fukin pile up and loads ov crashes, nobody knows, but it worked, very well. 

  Pear ran in and out, waving and weaving, the odd warning shout, an insult. Hiz stamina woz amazing, he just kept on going and going at the same speed. The odd temple suddenly appeared from the mass ov green vegetation, covered in gold, loads ov painted reds, greens and yellows down the edges and around the doorways. 
    Pear constantly kept yaking, "temple ov budda. Yes. SANG CHI. Sorry. Me yu guide. Yes. My name pear. Yu like taxi. Bangkok wery dangerous. Yes. Ve go koasan road. Yes. Yu meet mama. Yes. Yes. Papa have guest house. Yes." 
   "Christ,"  thought Moon, "this gezza iz deffo on somat," pear woz pulling the little cart at some speed now. A long straight bit ov road where on the most part ov the traffic woz in two orderish lines. Every so often in the middle ov the highway there would be a little food cart set up and a few people standing by them wiv a couple ov carts pulled up. Nobody crashed into them, elephants towering above the flow podded along a lot slower than the main traffic would slow pear down slightly, and once passed he would give an extra burst ov speed. 
    The smells and the heat were intense, sweat now completely soaked all Moon's clothing, she woz now in just a tee shirt and the trousers she wore, were too much. "I must get one ov those dresses,"  she thought, looking at the people in their sabai and pha nung set up's. Which iz a shall and skirt, just long pieces ov cloth wrapped around people, one at top, one at bottom. Beautiful colours and patterns, loads ov pure bright oranges, pure bright dark reds, everyone woz dressed bright and happy. There woz no sex code to the clothing, everyone wore wot they felt comfortable in. 
   It took about an hour and half to get to Kaos an road, and kaos woz a good name for. A strip ov dirt for the main street went in a straight line for a hundred metres. The traffic once again turned back into a mass ov squirming, wiggling mass ov carts, elephants, oxen, people, chickens. Adjacent to the road there woz a market, stall after stall, selling everything you could need. Whole families living in the tiny space, with just a cooking pot if they were lucky, most ov them just had the clothes they had on and the things wot they were selling. 
 
   Pear parked up the rickshaw next to a mass ov bikes and other rickshaws. "kum, kum. Yes." He said wiv a grin. "meet mama. yes. Meet papa," the noise woz extreme, shouting, music, a barking dog and all the time the screeching ov insects. The little happy Thai grabbed Moon's arm and guided her through the sea of people. 
   The guest house woz a made from bamboo and leaves from the jungle, when the Lizard ov Thailand evicted the tribes from the mountains and forced them to live in the cities, they brought their tribal skills with them and built the huts the same as they built them in the villages, but five times bigger. There woz the odd brick building dotted here and there, with a sprawling array ov shelters, ranging from trible huts to shanties, from a blanket on the floor to a space on the floor. "Fukin hell, these people live in more kaos, than the kaos on the roads,"  muttered Moon, under her breath.
"shoes off, yes. In Thailand. Shoes off, everywhere. Inside. Yes. Every body. Shoes off. Yes, yes. Inside. No shoes." Pear waffled on wiv a big cheesy grin across hiz face.
  The silence inside the guest house took her breath away, another immense shock to the senses, it woz az if someone had switched the sound off to outside. "sah-wah-dee kha, Velcome to mama's."  chirped a little woman, about the size ov a dwarf, grey hair and a massive grin hands together in the wai, bowing her head.
   It woz the first time Pear had shut up since they had met, he just stood there grinning. "I am Mama,"  Said the little woman. "yu wan some tea. Where yu from? Pear show you room,"  Mama woz like a half sped Pear, both really eager to practice their English. The questions were more like mini statements to prove they knew English and to let the people know know wot they were up to. 
   Moon's room just had a carpet and a few cusions, a bucket, "this for toilet," Pear grinned, pointing at the bucket. 'Fucking hell, he nearly strung a sentence together there,' thought Moon. "your bed. Yes. Wery good. Yes...."continued the grinning man. 'back to normal' chuckled Moon to herself. 
   Moon arrange a long sausage pillow towards the top ov the rug.       "well this iz definitely different," she said to herself. Looking up she noticed a light bulb hanging from some shobby wires that led to the roof and off to fuck knows where. A knock on the door and Pear woz back wiv a bowl ov tea, "green tea, yes,"  he said, bowing hiz head az he entered. Walking over to the edge ov the rug, he places a  tray on the floor, it also had some sticky rice and chicken wings on a banana leave for a plate. Another smaller bowl carved from wood filled wiv sweet chilli. "Mama make chicken. Yes. wery good, yes." Moon got a bit lost then, "yu smoke marijuwna. Yes." Moon's eyes lit up, Pear grin widened, "yes, yes. I get. Yes. Marijuwna. Yes." Then in a flash, he woz gone. 'Funny little man,' chuckled Moon to herself, ' I do like him, he's cute.'
   She fished the the food and green tea, then got out the flask wiv the whisky, and filled the empty tea bowl with it. She sat relaxing for a while, then there woz a knock on the door. Pear had returned wiv some weed, he placed over an ounce on the table. "Wow,"  smiled Moon "I didn't think I would get that much."  :) "you like," beamed Pair, seemingly over happy. "Yes. Yes."  Laughed Moon. 
   Pear started to prepare a spliff, he took a straight fag from a box and poured all the tobacco into his hand, then put three quarters ov the tobacco on the floor. Picked up the bag ov weed and added a lump to the mix in hiz hand, then stuffed it back into the empty shell ov the cigarette. Moon picked up her bowl ov whisky and shared it wiv Pear. 
  Half pissed by now, Moon took the spliff and Pear took the bowl. Pear seemed to be a lot more chilled out, and they got talking more in a conversation. Moon eagerly picking Pear's brains for information. The whisky seemed to be affecting Pear really quickly, and he went from yak, yak, yak to a slow, slurring yak, yak yak. Halfway down the spliff they swap again. Pear haz a few tokes, and passes the spliff back. Moon finished the spliff and lay back, just a little bit stoned. They passed the bowl ov whisky back and forth, then around five minutes later, it hit her. 
   The THC entered her brain and for a few seconds she felt nice, then her head started spinning, she put her head on the pillow. By now it felt like she woz on a merry go round, her whole body spinning. The blood drained from her face, she couldn't open her eyes. Spinning, and all she could hear woz Pear yaking. 'wish he would shut the fuck up' thought Moon. Spinning, 'i will tell him in a minute'. 
  By now Pear woz completely pissed out ov hiz face, az a rule in general every day life the Thais don't drink alcohol, lack ov money being the main factor, but when our ancestors discovered how purify water, Thailand went down the tea route and boiled the water instead ov fermenting it, hence they have no emunity towards alcohol and everyone gets pissed really easy. 
   Yak, yak, yak, Pear carried on, too pissed to care that hiz companion wasn't interacting with him. Yak, yak, yak, 'i will tell him to shut up in a minute' thought Moon. Yak, yak, yak, 'he's gonna make me puke', her head whizzing now faster than ever. 
    Yak, yak, yak, "Shu.....," Moon didn't even get to say one word, the puke projected from her, like a volcano, covering herself. "Oh dear. Yes. Yu not well."  stated Pear, just az the whisky hit hiz brain, he tried to stand to help. Az soon az he stood up, the alcohol hit hiz brain, then hiz head started spinning, not a whitey spin like wot Moon had just been through. An alcohol spin, "Oh fuck."  Said Pear. Then he fell over in a heap and passed out. 

   Moon awoke first, covered in puke, she felt ok, just a little hazy, "shit!"  She stated. Grabbed the packet ov fags, pulling one out and lighting it. Then Pear awoke, "Oh dear. Sorry. I no wan fall asleep. Yes." apologising. Moon put up her hands shaking them, "No, no, don't worry about it,"  she replied. Pear smiled then told her not to wave her hands about in Thailand, az they have many customs and hand gestures, that could get you in a lot ov trouble. He told her about for westerners the best thing iz to sit on the floor cross legged, and sitting on your hands. Never sit wiv legs crossed az pointing a foot at someone iz the biggest offence ever and people will kill you, if you do it, even if it iz an innocent mistake. The foot in Thailand iz considered to be the dirtiest part ov the body because it's always touching the floor, picking up shit, hence why every home or bar, restaurant, people would take their shoes off. 
   "Your clothes, they fucked. Yes,"  in the few hours that he'd been hanging around wiv Moon, hiz English seemed to be getting better. Moon looked down at herself and laughed, "yes, they are. I want one ov those skirts that everyone wears, well the women do, the sexy long one's that shows the figure ov womanhood." 
"Pha nung, yes, yes."  Beamed Pear, hiz cheesy grin returning. "we go now." 
   Out in the kaos ov the market place, Pair stops at a stall, "pick me up. Yes. Wery good. You wan. Pick me up?"  he asked. "erh, yeah ok. Why not replied Moon. Pear turned and spout out some Thai at a small dark haired bloke, who woz behind the stall. He pulls out a bottle and two shot glasses, filling the glasses he passes them to    
Pear, who necks hiz shot in one. Moon necked her shot, the taste woz weird, she had never tried anything like it, it wasn't wot she thought, it wasn't alcohol. "Do you know wot iz in this,"  she asked.  "Yes, yes, it is amphetamines. Wery good. Pick me up. Yes." Moon started pissing herself laughing. "That explains a lot!" Pear laughed wiv her, he didn't get the wit, but he woz happy that she woz happy, and all he wanted woz to make her happy, and get a bit ov money from her, fukin capitalism, he would rather just be friends, but unless you are a cannibal, friends don't feed you, and the jails are terrible, so you don't want to be getting changed wiv murder. In fact you don't want to be charged wiv anything, az people went in, files would be lost, then they would die in jail, when the crime only carried a maximum two weeks imprisonment. 

   Moon got her Pha nung first, she chose a deep red one with bright patterns on it, all it woz, woz a long piece ov cloth that wrapped around the  bottom half ov the body to resemble a skirt. Next she got a chong kraben, a blouse ov matching colour, and a sabai, another piece ov cloth that wrapped around the top half ov the body. 
    Back at the guest house changed into her new clothes, she went into the dinning room for breakfast. Like her room there woz nothing but a huge rug in the middle ov the floor and a few cusions. "sah-wah-dee kha,"  Said Mama, wiv her hands pushed together in the wai. "sah-wah-dee kha." replied Moon, returning the wai and nodding slightly. The grin on Mama's face grew wider, "ah, yu speak Thai, wery good. This morning ve have boiled egg and rice for breakfast. Ok."  with that, she left the room. 
   Pear came in and they sat down cross legged. Then an old man appeared, "sah-wah-dee kharp," he said, in the wai. Moon and Pear jumped on their feet, "sah-wah-dee kharp,"  replied Pear. "sah-wah-dee kha," added Moon. "This iz Papa," introduced Pear and they all sat back down. Mama came back with some sticky rice on a banana leaf and some boiled eggs, then they all ate from the same banana leaf. 

   After breakfast, Moon and Pear, alone again got onto the subject ov opium and Moon really wanted to go to the golden triangle. Pear woz buzzing now, he told her about the law and they will hang you if a westerner iz caught in Thailand, in Laos it's ok, but in Thailand it iz not. And that woz it, Moon's trip all planned out and Pear would be her guide. Pear woz happy, and so woz Moon. 
    It would take a few days on a bus to reach Chang Mai, then another few days to reach the Mekong River, from there they would get a boat into Laos. After a long time chatting and passing the spliffs back and forth, Pear realised that Moon only had English money. "This no good,"  he said "we need American dollar. They not like. Up north. No English. Just American dollar. Or kip. Money, Laos. Yes."
   
   The bus journey woz very slow, the dirt road woz full ov pot holes, where people would all ov a sudden bounce from their seats, cages tied to the roof full ov chickens, one cage woz full ov dogs. This woz all food for the six week bus journey around Thailand.    
   Pear and Moon would be getting off in four days in Chang Mai. The bus would stop three times a day for a food set up. Once again six people would encircle round a table and eat communally from a bowl in the middle ov the table, it woz all hands on. Pear adviced Moon to use her right hand az the left hand iz used for wiping their arses wiv. 

   Chang Mai woz a similar set up to Bangkok but twenty times smaller. The people and jungle fighting for space, the temples were made from stone and gold, a few stone buildings and a mass ov shanties. Pear knew some people and they went to another guest house, pretty much the same az the one they stayed in, in Bangkok. The noise from the jungle woz still the same volume, but the city woz a lot quieter. Still the same set up on the roads, hundreds ov bikes, rickshaws and elephants going in whichever direction they felt like. 
   They entered the new guest house a few people were there to great them, they exchanged a few sah-wah-dees and sat down. Another Mama, this one, a fair bit taller than the Bangkok Mama and a lot fatter. Another Papa, two men, two women and an eight year old girl. 
   Pear pulled out the stash ov weed, "yu wan make one. Yes. For everyone. Yes." He smiled. "ha ha, you just made a sentence. Nearly. Did you stash the skins too?"  Pear carried the stash, coz he could get away wiv it. If they caught a westerner, they would lock them up, or have to pay for freedom, a hassle they really could do without. 
   Moon put some skins together, crossing two for the bottom and one at the top. She then made a mix ov pure weed, breaking it up into smokeable crumbs. The mix went into papers, and she rolled it. Sparking it up, she then passes it to Pear. Who it turn passes it around, the spliff went around everyone. The eight year old girl had two tokes and passed it onto Mama, who woz most likely her Granma. They all started talking, Moon listened but found it impossible to even begin. She just sat back, stoned and happy. 

   The morning air woz fresh, there had been a storm in the night which had cooled down the ground, taking the temperature to a hot but not sticky eighteen degrees. It felt a nice difference to the banging hot humidity ov which woz the norm. 
   Pear walked up to a little shanty, "sah-wah-dee kharp,"  he said, bowing to the patron then showing Moon a seat. "Sit down, please. Yes." He said smiling. "ve hav green tea. Yes. I wan pick me up. Yu wan?" Moon thought for a second then said, "fuck it, why not."  
   They drank their green tea and necked back their little shot glasses ov the amphetamine drink. The patron placed a bottle on the table. Pear smiled, "Dat pick me up. For journey. No shop. No shop. Shop in Laos. Yes," he said. 
   They wandered around the market streets gathering some supplies for the journey. Pear seamed to know have ov the city, and every so often he would stop and chat wiv someone. Laughing, no broken words in hiz own tongue, flowing out like a jet. "ve hav. Elephants. Yes. Dat man. Mi friends. He hav elephants." He said after meeting up wiv an old man wiv grey hair and another massive cheesy smile.
    They ate some sticky rice and chicken, sitting next to a small shanty cafe, the smoke from the fire curling up in the air, a small man wiv jet black hair tossing some more chicken wings on the grill. The elephant home base, a small clearing chopped into the thick sea ov green jungle. 
   Momo, the elephant and hiz human were preparing themselves, Momo's human woz tying the huge saddle up, and making final checks. Bobo, Momo's sister woz already waiting, all saddled up, and her human sitting on top ov her shoulders. Trunk wafting around grabbing at vegetation and shoving it greedily into her mouth. 
    Moon looked around, blissfully taking in her surroundings, it woz like being a child again, everything woz new. They had things that they had in England but five times bigger, a stag beetle the size ov a mouse runs across the clay brown path. Snakes slivering around in the trees, the constant chirping ov the insects, sometimes really loud, sometimes would dull, but never shut up. 
   Momo woz ready, Moon climbed up onto the huge saddle, room for two but because they were on a long treck, most ov the saddle woz piled with supplies for the journey and supplies for the villages they would encounter along the way. 
   Trudging through the thick jungle the elephants made little work ov anything in their way, pushing fallen trees aside like they were twigs, constantly on the look out for food, grabbing green vegetation with their trunks and stuffing it into their mouths. Every so often they would stop, finding a fruit tree or a bush ov nuts and start scoffing. Ripping up the fruit, the twigs and leaves, and shoving the whole lot in their mouths. 
   The treck went on for three days till they reached a main village, they had passed a few small villages, if that's wot you could call them . Just a couple ov huts wiv a small family in them. They traded some bush meat for some goods and exchanged messages to pass on. 
   The village woz set in a well trodden clearing, the side ov the mountain woz also clear, it had been made off into tiny little terraces and flooded by a waterfall that the villagers had channelled off to make paddy fields. There were a group ov women working the rice fields wiv their typical south east Asian straw pointed hats, to protect them from the harsh rays ov the sun. A few ov the women had babies strapped to their backs. 
  A group ov men wiv rifles appeared, all ecstatically happy to see each other. Chatting happily, they dismounted from the elephants and went to a shelter wiv no walls and a fire pit and a roaring fire woz a blaze. 
   Pear explained that they were at war with the Thai government, the American lizards wanted the tribes put into the cities and the Thai lizards agreed to it, wiv the promise ov money and a route to capitalism. The tribes didn't want to live in a city. They had set up's along the opposite side ov the valley to the path they had come up where for two days, the villagers could watch whoever walked up the path could be picked off wiv a bullet. The shooter in such thick undergrowth, were impossible to see. The Thai lizard sent in troops many times to conquer the village but had failed and given up.
    
   They spent a few days resting Momo and Bobo, letting them feed and water themselves. There woz a waterfall at the end ov the village which had a dip pool, the villagers and the elephants would bathe and wash in the pool and waterfall. Moon took full advantage, taking three or four dips a day. It woz a relief to get out ov the humidity, to have a couple ov strokes across the pool to the waterfall and back again. Playing with the elephants, making up a good friendship bond with them.
  Back on the trail after the rest period, the breep, breep, breep noise intense, the volume rising to a level where they had to shout at each other. "Two more days. Mekong River. Yes." shouted Pear. Moon smiled back. The treck continued on and on, the odd sound ov a monkey screaming, squawks ov birds. The jungle woz alive wiv noise, looking at it, there would always be someone watching. A snake in a tree, brilliant green, another one, bright yellow. Bright red frogs wiv big black eyes, another one yellow and black. 
  Suddenly Momo jumped backwards and grabbed a thick branch like a twig, she jumped back onto her hind legs. Moon clung on for dear life, the elephant came crashing back down, screaming a war cry. She swung the branch and hit a massive lizard in the head. The comodo dragon flew up in the air backwards, all four legs flapping like it woz trying to fly. 
   Bobo's human woz already standing up on Bobo's shoulders, rifle cocked up in aim. The dragon knew that it would only take one bite to infect the elephant wiv septicaemia, one bite, then he could follow it for days until death, he didn't notice the humans. If he did, he wouldn't have tried the ambush in the first place. 
   Dragon landed hard on hiz back, wiggling at super speed, woz back up on hiz feet. Running towards Momo, mouth opening, Whack, again the branch hits him but this time it just knocked him to the side. He kept on coming, Momo kept on whacking him. Bang, dragon falls to the ground, dead. Pear woz already there, he picked up dragon and hacked hiz head off. "three foods."  He grinned, "the tribes will be happy tonight."  Moon laughed, "Fukin hell, Pear, you said a whole sentence. Ha ha. You will be fluent soon." Pear laughed, "yes, yes." 
  Because the Americans were already at war wiv their so called 'comunist' enemies. The Golden Triangle woz a bit ov a war zone. They had been testing out new carpet bombing raids on the villages in Laos. The real reason woz to topple the king ov opium. The biggest supplier ov the world's heroin. All wot the carpet bombing achieved woz wiping out all the women and children, leaving the menfolk pissed off and form gorilla fighting cells to fight the western oppressors. 
  Pear had filled Moon in about the subject and she had a pile ov dollar bills. This woz to pay off the 'bandits' along the way. Moon would be safe az long az she stayed wiv her guides. The payment woz considered az a toll, the punishment for not paying the toll would be a bullet in the head. "Every one happy. Every one pay."  Moon understood wot the mad speed freak woz on about. 
  They had three encounters wiv the bandits, an information exchange that cost a Moon one dollar. Pear got one dollar back plus another for dragon's body. Everyone seemed really happy considering the Americans were doing the odd bombing raid. 
   "Big troubles wiv Americans,"  Said Pear, "They off to kill them. I tell them yu Greece. Dey not know Greece. If dey knew yu English. Dey kill yu. Ha ha,"  Pear said laughing, "wery dangerous. Yes. Golden triangle wery dangerous,"  Moon laughed, the sarcasm bouncing back and forth. 
  They got to the Mekong and said their byes to Momo and Bobo and they would meet back up in a week. It would have been longer but the English SAS had been dropping deep into the jungle along wiv some American troops and it woz getting really dangerous. The Americans had killed many women and children, torturing people too and their menfolk were on a revenge mode, any white blood would do, it didn't matter where they came from. 
   Boom, boom, in the far distance bombs could be hear dropping. Boom, one very close, but still hundreds ov miles. Close enough to stop the constant shriek ov the jungle. The silence woz deathly, eiry. It woz like everything had just stopped dead, like the bomb had just killed everything. After about five minutes the jungle kicked back into life and back to the screeching noise went back to normal. 
  There were American War tugs flying up the brown river, backwards and forwards, it woz the first time Pear woz not smiling, in fact he looked worried. The port village consisted ov one log shelter wiv a raised seating area and a table in the middle, a few Thai army patrols were checking passports and papers. 
  Moon sat at the table, one ov the guards checked her passport, raising an eyebrow when he noticed that she woz English, "English hippie,"  he declared, "hippie junkie." hiz mate barked a few words. "My vriend, he says yu give ten dollar. Hippie!" he spoke the words wiv venom. Moon's heart raced, she woz afraid, no longer woz this fun. She fumbled for the money and handed it over. "Twenty dollar for visa. And another ten dollar so I don't kill yu."  Moon woz touching cloth now. She hands over the other the other dollar bills, the guard snatches them, then and runs off wiv wiv her passport. The other guard iz having a heated discussion wiv Pear. 
