  Star woz not always called Star, her birth name woz Shirley. Deep down she always new that she woz not the same az the rest ov the girls at school. At fifteen the rest ov the girls were going out wiv boys. But she didn't like them, just the thought ov it made her shiver. Touching their little maggots, christ, it made her feel sick. Nobody really talked about homosexuality in the 50's, so she woz in the dark about her feelings. She knew she liked girls, but woz confused. She knew her father, another strict religious freak would be angry, az he had her at Bible class every Sunday and she knew about the deadly sins. 
   Ms Smith woz twenty five years old, became a teacher after uni, a bright young lass, had flew through school and got mixed up wiv the system, she spoke wiv a very posh accent, but all the teachers did in those days. One could not teach the youth, if one did not know how one how spoke the Queen's English. 
   Ms Smith woz quite fashionable for the day, had her dark brown hair tied up in a beehive. Petite, wiv a tanned coloured polo neck sweater, cut at her shoulders, skin tight to show both her tits in all shape and form. She wore a black pencil skirt which also woz skin tight revealing the full figure ov her thighs and bum. The pertruding shape ov her suspender belt visible through the fabric. The straps holding her nylon stockings would poke through the fabric on the odd occasion. Her nylon stockings had a pattern down the back which made the legs look super sexy. Wiv some high heels to top it off, Ms Smith woz one sexy female in her prime and she knew it. 
  Ms Smith woz teaching her class maths and woz writing the times tables on the blackboard. She actually hated this form ov teaching, treating the kids like military army subjects. Blurting out one times one like a robot. She had found out about the beat culture at uni and had jumped into it wiv both feet. She acquired copies ov books from authors like Herbert Huncke and Allen Ginsberg who were right at the forefront for Anti war and against the laws against homosexuality. She had met an American girl at university that had introduced to the literature and had stayed in touch, sending letters and articles back and forth from the UK and America. They formed a small active group, which led to the knowledge being spread across England. Bang the race woz on, the underground race to the summer ov love. Who won? fuck knows, everyone woz fucked up on LSD for a decade and the late 60's woz a blur, if you were there. If you wasn't then you definitely would not know anything about the underground. On both sides ov the Atlantic, nobody really cared anyway because everyone woz a hippie and into love and peace, and winners and loosers were part ov the system. 
  Wiv love, peace and Anarchy everyone iz a winner and there are no loosers. Most people will believe wot their government tells them, most people are institutionalised. Ms Smith promoted these views ov free thinking on at gigs and festivals that she attended in England. But the school knew none ov this, they would have definitely fucked her off, if they knew knew that she just attended some ov the Jazz gigs she frequently visited would have put a big question mark over her employment. But to promote free love, that woz a big no, no. And a man fucking a man, or a woman fucking a woman, fuck, that shit iz illegal. And it went against all christian morals or so they were taught.


   Ms Smith dropped the chalk and bent over to pick it up, Shirley had got a seat at the front ov the class az her second name woz Aden, she woz always at the front for everything. She felt comfortable wiv Ms Smith from the beginning, where some ov her teachers were old Victorian style teachers, walking around wiv a cain permanently glued to their hands, scared the living shit out her. They definitely had a reaction to the system, whether they hated it or not, one would not talk about it, would one. That's all they gave out. Pure venomous hate, and anyone who didn't fit in would be whacked at least once per lesson. Shirley woz one ov these girls, they would ask her difficult questions on purpose, so she would get them wrong on purpose, then they would get the little girl to lay her hand out flat on the desk, then whack the cain across the back ov her knuckles, a meter rule woz also a favourite weapon ov punishment, among many others. 
   Ms Smith picked the chalk up, it tumbled between her fingers and it fell out ov her hand, bounced a foot away, she straightened up stepped a foot closer to the chalk then bent over again, her clothing clung skin tight to her body, and her femininely curves were provided for everyone to see. She finally caught the chalk, and stood up straight. Shirley could not stop looking at her arse az she woz bending over, and when Ms Smith turned around she could not take her eyes from her belly area, that slightly stuck out and down to her crutch, almost a triangle shape from the top ov her hips downwards. The skirt stopping the whole shape ov her fanny at the top ov her legs. Shirley woz now wet az fuck, she looked at Ms Smith's tits and felt like she wanted to touch them. 
   Ms Smith noticed her stare, she felt turned on by it. She had noticed Shirley woz different when she woz eleven years old and encouraged her to stay on at school and try and get into university. 
  Ms Smith, just a young girl herself, watched the little girl blossom into a fine young woman, a boyish look about her at eleven when they met, that never left her in womanhood. Small breasts, christ, everything she liked in a woman. She never really thought about it before. She normally switched off when she came into work. Her head woz spinning. She looked at the young sixteen year lusting after her. Her fanny ached and she woz now wet. 
  Ms Smith woz all flustered now, her head spinning around, she didn't expect this. She always promised herself that work would be work and to keep her private life separate. She walked to the back ov the class to get her senses together. 
  
   Shirley woz sitting her final exams and had in fact left school. Ms Smith played it kool about their feelings and played it out in a professional manner. She had waited until her schooling woz finished. At the leaving party Ms Smith gave Shirley her address and said come round for some exam revision. 
   A week into the rest ov her life Shirley knocked on the door to Ms Smith's flat. Ms Smith woz still in bed, she had been at a jazz gig the night before and had gotten hold ov some speed pills and woz feeling pretty fucked, her hair now in a mess around her shoulders, she picked up a night shirt and chucked it onto her naked body. She grabbed a fag and lit it. Knock, knock, knock, the door went again. Half dazed she walked up to the door and opened it, her heart skipped a beat and she got butterflies in her stomach. 
"Come in."  She smiled. 
"Hi ya."  Shirley said grinning. Entering the flat. 
 Ms Smith lead the way to the living room, the cheeks and crack ov her arse just about visible under the night shirt. Shirley could not take her eyes off it, she could see the soft brown clump ov hair through the top ov her legs. She looks better wiv her clothes off thought Shirley. 
  "Want a cuppa?"  She asked showing Shirley the sofa. 
"Yeah, ok." Came the reply.  Shirley watched her ex teacher walk out the room, eyes fixed on her legs and her bum. Her heart beating twice az fast az normal. 
  Ms Smith popped up through the door, holding two cups ov tea. Her make up from the night before either smudged into her face or gone. Both her eyes were blackened from the mascara, hair fuzzy around her face. Night shirt open to reveal her chest but not showing anything. Buttoned at the bottom to cover the top part ov her pussy but left a soft brown bump between the top ov her thighs. She looked better like this than when she woz all dolled up. Shirley's heart woz now beating five times faster than normal. 
  Ms Smith put the cups down on the coffee table. Sat down next to the girl sitting on the sofa. Shirley went into meltdown mode, her heart beating ten times faster now, the butterflies in her stomach. Her pussy throbbing, she came before Ms Smith sat back in the cushions. 
  Ms Smith pulled out two cigarettes from a packet on the table, she hadn't noticed that she had made the girl in her company have the best orgasm in her life without touching her. The speed had slowed her mind. She woz still waking up. She put both cigarettes in her mouth, lit them and passed one to her visitor. 
  The girls chatted for a while, sipping their tea. Around the room there were hangings from the ceiling from where 
Ms Smith had been on her travels around the world. A hubbley bubbley sitting in front ov the fire place. A big sign on the wall. 
"Wots that?"  Asked Shirley pointing to the sign.
"It's a peace sign."  Ms Smith bent forwards and picked up a book by Allen Ginsberg from a pile under the table. "I have been meaning to give you this for a while, but I held back because the school doesn't like stuff like this. Az you have left now, you may az well learn about adulthood,"  She picked up a couple copies ov some fanzine that Shirley didn't recognise. "These explain about who you are a little. That is if I am correct in my assumption."  
  Ms Smith finished her tea and put the cup down on the table. Put out the fag in the ashtray, then got up. 
"I'm gonna go and have a bath." 
Shirley smiled, it woz funny listening to Ms Smith speaking wiv a common English accent, she never heard that before. She woz always scared Ms Smith woz posh and wouldn't want to be her friend. She knew she had these sexaul feelings towards her teacher, but didn't know anything about it. Wot it woz, why? Woz it possible?  Iz she normal? Iz it a change in her body like growing tits and she will grow out ov these feelings and start wanting babies next week? So confusing, because she woz told by the school and church that it woz a sin. She watched the bottom ov her night shirt, her cheeks flashing, her pussy through the back ov legs. Her own pussy started aching and became wet again. 
  Shirley looked at the book and the two fanzines on her lap, the first fanzine woz called lesbian love, from San Francisco. There woz a picture ov two girls embracing each other, kissing on the front cover. Her heart woz now racing again, she felt her pussy twitch. How to have sex guide. Woman on woman. Wrote at the top. Her heart now racing at full pace again. A bubble at the bottom wiv "Readers Letters. My first experience." 
  She read the whole fanzine in fifteen minutes, picking up the next one wiv excitement, for she now new she woz normal and their were loads ov girls just like her. She also knew wot she wanted to try out wiv Ms Smith. Her pussy woz soaking wet now, her knickers seeping up the extra juice soon became sodden. She didn't care about that she woz happy az fuck, this woz the happiest day ov her life, all wot she wanted woz a piece ov Ms Smith and that would make her happiest day turn into a perfect day. She stopped for a second and thought, "Wot if she rejects me? Wot if she's not a lesbian?"  Reading the next fanzine her mind now racing around confused, thinking, "She wouldn't have give me these to read, if she wasn't interested.... NO, she iz my teacher. She iz just teaching me." She carried on reading, her mind exploded. 
  Ms Smith watched the girl reading for about five minutes, she woz buzzing from the grin on her face. She just had a towel on now, wrapped around her tits and covered down to belly then naked there on down. She woz thinking for a while in the bath, had she been reading the signs wrong. This iz foolish, but she had fallen in love and she may never meet the girl again.  
   Shirley put the books on the table, closed her eyes and sat back on the sofa, smiling. 
"So wot do ya think?"  Ms Smith asked. Shirley jumped wiv shock, not expecting any voices to break the silence. "About wot?"
"Them fanzines ya dumb, dumb. Wot else. I been watching you looking at me in class for a while now. And unless I am totally wrong, I would say you fancy me. I wouldn't normally do this wiv a pupil, but I think I love you." 
   Shirley pissed herself, well it felt like a piss and dribbled down her leg az she stood up. She stared at Ms Smith, checking her out up and down. Her heart thumping once again.
 "Well wot ya think? Do ya wanna piece ov this hot hippie chick or wot?" Ms Smith already knew the answer, had dropped her towel to the floor and woz taking steps towards the other girl. 
"Yes I do," Shirley smiled. "Yes I do." 
   Shirley hadn't moved an inch, the naked girl pushed her back onto the sofa, they fell in unison, like ballet dancers. Staring into each other's eyes for a few seconds, the teacher once again teaching, taking the lead and started kissing the lips on the young innocent face. Their first kiss lasted for about an hour, it woz Shirley's first ever kiss. They came up for air and looked at each other again. 
"I think you may need some new clothes."  Ms Smith woz now lying underneath Shirley. She could feel how wet her shorts had become, against her belly. "Let's take these off and get a look at pussy that iz covering me in love juice. The naughty little pussy." 
"Sorry,"  said Shirley, not knowing about sex talk, especially pussy. Just over an hour ago she didn't really know wot a lesbian woz, and only fifteen minutes ago she just learned wot a pussy woz, the second fanzine being a lesbian wank mag full ov sexy hot sex sessions. Made by women, for women only. The underground groups ov the subculture era, mad a fair bit ov money to support the movement by selling porn and sex fanzines. A lot ov the lesbian stuff woz a double blag to rip the menfolk off. And their wives could have a laugh at their expense. 
  The men having no morals and they were all fucking perverts, 80% ov sales were sent to men under their wives names. Wot the men didn't realise woz most ov their wives who found these fanzines when tidying up would notice the "Made By Women for Women only" part on the front.  Normally a wank story book just went in the bin and nothing more woz said. But when they started reading, they became curious. Then they started filling the letters and sending codes to each other about meet ups in the lonely hearts section, subscribing to the fanzine, their husbands to busy wanking over the stories to notice anything woz amiss. And they were probably have a wank over a story ov their wives meeting up and having full on hardcore lesbian sex. Because they had had babies and years ov cocks they were more obsessed with penetration and sticking things up each other, like cucumbers, oranges and footballs. These were the stories the men really liked and they helped pay for Greenpeace to set up so nobody cared, everyone knew about it, apart from the husbands. Some women were wives ov men high up in the military, getting payback on the system that made them lonely. They also had romantic lesbian stories in, where nobody is sticking anything up anybody. 
   
  Ms Smith laughed, unbuttoned the denim shorts, "nobody ever talked dirty to ya before?" 
"No, it's my first time. I have never kissed anyone before you." 
"Kor, my own little virgin, sweet."  
The teacher leading the kiss again, touching her lips, wiv the lips ov her pupil, "I better treat you gentle then if it's your first time." 
  The two girls started necking each other. Ms Smith had the girls shorts off in ten seconds, they slopped to the floor, plop went the sound az the wet cloth hit the floor. 
"Sorry."  Said Shirley. 
 The teacher put her forefinger on Shirley's lips. "Shush, it's ok, I like it. It means you are pleased to see me. And stop saying sorry." 
"Sorry, oops."  Chuckled Shirley. 
"Just say nothing, let me see this pussy that I have been dreaming about for quite a while, I have undressed you many times. Now I get to see you in the flesh." 
  She grabbed hold ov the front ov her knickers and ripped them off, looking at the nearly seventeen year old pussy, she liked wot she saw, still soft but a young woman. She then grabbed hold ov the bottom ov her sweater and lifted it upwards, Shirley put up her arms to aid the process. Less than a second and it woz off, tossing it on the sofa Ms Smith then grabbed hold ov her blouse and repeated the process. 
  Ms Smith took a step back to check out her new girlfriend, she hadn't had one for some time. Shirley woz doing the same. 
"Like wot you see?"  Asked Ms Smith. 
"Yeah." 
"Ha ha, have you gone shy?"  Ms Smith stepped up up to the young girl, kissed her lips, "I am loving wot I am seeing." Grabbing her by the hand she led her into her bedroom. 
  They started necking each other when they got to the bed, arms embraced around each other, hands caressing each other. Ms Smith then pushed Shirley back onto the bed, lifting her legs apart when she lay down. She looked at the slit between her legs, the soft pinky flesh parts ov the clit, the lips.
"Yum, yum."  
  Ms Smith first kissed the lips ov her pussy. Then spat on her fingers, and started to tickle the clit, "fuck" She thought "I didn't need to gob on me fingers, this girl iz like an ocean".  Wiv two fingers circling the clit, the virgin came again in ten seconds, catching her teacher in the face az she spurted, splattering up her nose, she wasn't expecting that, quickly she opened her mouth and she caught the last bit, she just closed her mouth to swallow wot she had in her gob, when the second squirt came, more on the ball this time and her mouth only inches away from the jet stream, she had her mouth over her crack and woz able to swallow without closing her mouth. She came in her mouth like that five times. And she swallowed the lot. Ms Smith loved fanny juice, she just loved pussy full stop. 
   Shirley woz totally fucked, she had a massive grin on her face, Ms Smith jumped up on the bed and helped her to the top end. Both girls lay down, Shirley had her head on the pillow, grinning, her heart and breath returning to a normal pace. 
"Sorry,"  She said again, "I didn't make you come. I didn't even get to touch you. I am totally fucked now. Iz this wot  ' fucked ' means?" 
"Yep!" Chuckled Ms Smith. "If ya wanna make me come, you can wank me off. Ya wront be using too much energy doing that." 
"Not sure that I know how to do that."
Once again the teacher woz teaching her pupil, she had learned more about the real world in a few hours than years ov schooling. 
   The older woman grabbed the young one's hand pulled it towards her stomach, then used her other hand to stretch the two forefingers out, then brought her fingers to her mouth and spat on them. 
"Why do you do that?" Asked the pupil. 
"Coz pussies can be dry to begin wiv, and inbetween orgasms, a bit ov lube, until the juices start following. Kor, you really are my little virgin." 
  She drew the young girls hand down to her crutch, found her clit, explaining all the parts az she went. Showed how to play and wot woz good and wot woz shit. Ms Smith came in a few minutes, she placed Shirley's fingers full length on the crack ov her fanny a couple ov seconds before her orgasm came. 
"Feel this," she whispers in her ear.
   The young girl lay back, her two fingers over the lips ov her fanny, the teacher pushed the young girls fingers into herself a bit harder. She felt the pussy pulse, then again, her fingers became wet, then another pulse and then her fingers were soaked and the fanny juice woz running the crack ov Ms Smith's arse, staining the bed. 
  Ms Smith now had a grin, they looked at each other for a second, then kissed. 
"Cuppa!"  Ms Smith chirped, jumping up running off into the kitchen. 
"Yeah."  
  She came back wiv the tea, placed the cups on the table, went up to the fireplace, opened a pot on the mantle and pulled out a spliff. Sparked it up, then sat on the bed. The girls passed the spliff back and forth, then fell asleep in each others arms. 

  They woke a few hours later, it woz dark. Ms Smith pulled out two cigarettes, put them in her mouth, sparkling them up passes one to her new lover. "Do ya wanna be my girlfriend?"  She asked softly. 
"Yeah!"  Shirley replied without hesitation. 
"Good, it may be tricky, but I don't care. I think I am in love with you."  She smiled kissing Shirley's lips. "We will work something out." 
  Shirley woz puzzled to wot she ment but woz too embarrassed to ask anymore questions like that. She had thousands ov questions but didn't know where to begin. 
"Have you ever got off wiv a boy?"  Why did she ask that, her mind woz racing at 100 mph. 
Ms Smith laughed, "No, I have always hated them, the fucking dirty little perverts. I have never even kissed one. I use the idiots who want to fuck me, to get things done. It's amazing wot they will do, just in the hope ov getting their dicks wet."
 "Wow, I have never heard you talk like that before. I always thought you were posh. Ya common az muck."  Laughed Shirley. 
"And ya don't know the half ov it."  sniggered Ms Smith, "Wot about ya folks, wot will they say about you being out.?"
"They have gone off on holiday for a week, just me and me brothers, and they don't give a shit." 
"Cool. I have you for a few days then." 
Shirley woz a bit lost az wot 'cool' ment, but she didn't know hardly any ov this new language that her ex teacher woz speaking. It woz all new to to her. Her brain woz exploding, she now knew for the first time in her life that she woz a lesbian. She knew that it woz normal for a human to like someone ov the same sex, and she knew that you could have sex. Some ov them stories in the fanzines really turned her on and she wanted to try them all out in one go. She really wanted to try out this 'scissor fuck' thing. "Wow, two girls can fuck."  She kept on thinking over and over again. 
  Ms Smith put her elbow into the pillow and rested her head on her hand. Stroking Shirley's body, circling a finger around her tits. 
"Do you like my body?" asked Shirley. 
"Why do ya ask that?"
"Well, I am not like the other girls, I am not like you. You have nice tits, a nice handful. You have nice curves, your legs are sexy. You are the model woman. I have tiny tits and look like a boy. I don't think I would fancy me if I woz you."
"You have nice curves! And az for having boyish looks and small tits, that's wot I am into, you my girl are wot we call 'butch', I wouldn't want you any different. I think that you are sexy az fuck." 
  She bent over and kissed her new girlfriend on the lips, snogged for a minute, then lent back to rest her head back on her hand. A finger running running down the body from the tiny tits, down to the belly button, circling around it a few times. Then on down to the pubic hair, twisting the soft wirery hair in her fingers she moved her hand around her patch, exploring the whole area, stroking it. She moved down to the the cut and lips of her pussy. It woz soft and supple, she pressed more firmly, but never penetrated through her cut, inside her. She kissed the young girl on the mouth, little pecks at first then more deeply until they were nearly eating each other. Stroking her, then she woz wet again. Ms Smith then put her wet fingers in her mouth and licked the love juice off. "You taste loverly." She whispered. 
  Shirley woz now gagging to try out wot pussy tasted like, she had touched another one and really enjoyed if, the feel ov her plump pussy lips, the slit in the middle, the frilly bit ov the clit. Now she woz not like any pupil anymore, she learned quickly. Quickly, she woz up and inbetween Ms Smith's thighs in seconds. 
"My, my, ain't we gagging for a bit." 
"I want to eat you're pussy." stated Shirley. 
"That's it, ya got it. Talk dirty to me, ya bitch. Eat it, eat it!" Ms Smith grabbed grabbed hold ov her head wiv both hands and pushed it into her crutch. Shirley gobbled her off like she woz a pro, her tongue lapping her pussy lips, licking long slow licks from the bottom ov her slit up to her clit circling it a few times then back again. Ms Smith woz soaking wet the next she went to her crack, and the whole pussy woz softer, her first taste ov sweet iron, she liked it. She opened her mouth wider and snogged the whole slit, drinking the following love juice. It dried up a little then she went back up to her clit and attacked it wiv her tongue. Ms Smith groaned, grabbing the young girl's head tighter, her back arching. 
"Oh, you fucking bitch!"  She screamed. 
  Instinct kicked in and Shirley put her mouth back over the crack, put her tongue out just inside the lips. She felt the walls ov the pussy pulse three times, then her mouth woz full ov the sweet iron liquid. She swallowed it, then came more, she stayed there until Ms Smith woz done. She then kissed her way slowly up Ms Smith's body, exploring all these new smells, tastes, another human being. She lingered around her tits for a while, kissing and licking each nipple until they were solid. Ending up at Ms Smith's mouth, first pecking, then a heavy kiss then she stuck her tongue, inside her mouth. Ms Smith's hands caressing and exploring Shirley's body, She could taste herself on the other girl's lips. She loved that taste, it had been a long time since she had a bit ov fanny, definitely all men can fuck off. 
"Wow, you are fucking amazing, if that iz the first time ya have done this, then you are a goddess, my virgin goddess. Are you sure that ya ain't done this before?"  Ms Smith enquired in a soft, catching her breath voice. 
  Shirley smiled and her cheeks blushed red, "It came naturally", she laughed, "your accent iz weird, where does it come from? I cannot place it."
"Nowhere really. I grew up travelling, me Dad got killed in the war and me Mum went mad. She got into the anti war movement after that. She woz into equal rights for women and attended many demos. This got us in a lot ov bother, the English hated us so we would always be on the move. It's a traveller accent, an accent from nowhere. I can mimic a twang ov an area in a couple ov weeks if I ain't heard it before. I speak posh to blag the system." 
"Wow, you are amazing." 
   Ms Smith pulled out a packet ov cigarette papers and a box ov players no 6 filter tips. Placing them on Shirley's stomach, she went back to the draw by her bedside and pulled out a brown lump, the size ov a small stone. Put it inbetween the small breasts ov her lover. She had this irresistible urge to be touching her all the time. She woz so in love that she wanted to climb inside the other woman. 
  Shirley picked up the lump, between her thumb and forefinger, rolling it around, "Wots this?" 
"Hash." 
"Iz that wot that funny cigarette woz earlier?" 
"Yes." 
"Mmmmm, that woz nice, I enjoyed that. This iz the best day ov my life. I love you."  Shirley woz grinning from ear to ear.
Shirley woz transfixed on the the other woman, watching everything closely. Ms Smith pulled out one cigarette and emptied the tobacco out into her hand. She then burned the hash a little, till a puff ov thin bluey, grey smoke came from it, sucking in the smoke through her mouth. She then sprinkled the hash into the tobacco, mixed it up and spread it out to make the shape ov one ov the cigarette papers. Taking a paper out, checking to see which side the gum woz on. Once checked, the paper woz placed over the tobacco mix. Using both hands flat out Ms Smith turned them 180 degrees, removing the top hand, the one she used as a mixing bowl. The mix woz now on top ov the cigarette paper. Rolling the joint up licking the gum, Shirley stared at the young woman, naked on the bed busy rolling the spliff, she couldn't keep her eyes off her, checking out all her body. Butterflies in her stomach, she woz happy, she woz in love. 
  They finished the spliff and lay back, totally chilled out, both still buzzing from the sex they just had. They talked for hours, Ms Smith told her about her travels to India, and how she got into the peace movement, about drugs, about the femininest movement, about everything. Shirley soaked it all up like a sponge, and she liked wot she woz hearing. 
  Ms Smith went off to make some tea and breakfast, "that book by Allen Ginsberg covers a lot ov wot I am into, give it a read." 
  Shirley picked up up the book and got stuck in, her mind had exploded already and this woz the icing on the cake, she woz hooked. 
  By the time breakfast woz ready, she woz halfway through the book. Ms Smith placed the tray on a small dining table, just big enough for two. Placing the plates in their eating positions. Az rationing woz still in force, the breakfast woz a simple one, made from potatoes and tomatoes from her own garden. 
  Shirley got up from the bed and walked up to the table, Ms Smith hadn't put any clothes on, so she did the same, feeling quite comfortable wiv her nudity. It wasn't wot she woz used to, everyone woz prudish who she knew and lived by the Queen Victoria code ov life. But she had already rejected those views and woz embracing this new life wiv open arms, she woz loving it. 
  They ate their breakfast, Ms Smith got up, "I gotta go to work, am gonna take a bath. Feel free to stay if ya want, I only have a staff meeting, then I am done."
"Ok, I could make something for dinner if you like."  
"That would be nice, there are loads ov turnips and carrots in the garden, and the potatoes are right down the bottom."  
  Ms Smith went to the wardrobe and pulled out a dressing gown, "if ya go outside put this on, you can have more clothes if you want, but I prefer to see ya az nature intended." 
  Shirley blushed, this woz all new to her, she never got any affection from her family, they wanted a boy, her father didn't even talk to her.
"I'll take your shorts to the laundrette, they stink ov sex. Ya knickers are fucked though, I couldn't help myself. That pussy woz begging me to eat it."
  Ms Smith walked up to to her lover, kissed her softly, put a hand on Shirley's cheek and the kiss turned into a feast, eating each other. They ambraced and hugged for a while, then Ms Smith pulled back, went back for a peck then said, "I gotta get going." 
  Ms Smith half dressed woz putting her make up on, slightly bent over, looking in the mirror. Shirley could not stop staring at her, she woz totally infatuated by this woman. Life woz so cool. She would learn very quickly that woz not cool, to be someone like her. 
  While Ms Smith woz out, Shirley finished her book. Got some veg from the garden and made a pie, she couldn't put any fat in the pastry coz they had none, still rationing woz in full force and butter woz rare and in short supply. So she just made it from flour and water. She got the fire going in the living room and sat down. She tried to make a spliff, the end result looked like a roughed up tampon, it smoked ok though, a few carrots fell and she jumped from the shock az they hit her bare legs. She never managed to finish the spliff and fell asleep totally fucked out her mind.
   The fire woz roaring, they sat at the small dining table eating their turnip and carrot pie, with boiled spuds all free from the garden.       
 "I finished that book." stated Shirley. 
"Wot do ya think?" 
"It's beautiful. I don't really understand a fair bit, wots this 'moloch' all about? It is on about life, I can pick that up, but the use ov metaphors, some things, I just can't think wot or who they are." 
"I am glad about that, I woz shitting myself that you might reject the idea, az it's a big part ov my life. Moloch iz the system, capitalism, the elite, the oppressors, the war mongers." 
"Yes, yes, it makes sense now." 
"They call it the beat generation, I have more books. A group ov activists from San Francisco writing stuff and making demos."
   Ms Smith went on and told Shirley everything about herself, about how she woz an activist and helped wiv anti war demos, and nuclear weapons. Spreading the knowledge through metaphors and symbolisms az to keep under the radar. 
"Wow!  You have been my teacher all these years and I would never have guessed."  Shirley said in awe.
"There's a gig on tonight, ya wanna go? We're givin out flyers for a Caribbean Carnival in St Pancras Town Hall, organised by activist Claudia Jones as a response to the riots and the state of race relations in Britain."
"Sounds good." replied Shirley. 

  The band woz advertised az jazz, but it woz far from wot one might think jazz woz.  Hardcore acoustic punk would be the closest box you could fit it into. The gig more like a mini festival.  People were dancing dementedly, arms randomly waving about, bodies wiggling, bumping into each other. 
  A barecheasted guy wiv hair down to hiz arse appeared, hugging Ms Smith, he pops a sugacube on her hand, then pulls out a small medicine bottle. Dripping a drop ov liquid onto the cube, Ms Smith then puts it in her gob and swallows it. Smiling she kisses the the long hair on the lips. Holding hiz hand she tries to introduce him to Shirley but the music iz too loud for her to hear anything. Ms Smith started doing sign language and pulled Shirley's hand out, sticking her thumb up to say it's ok. Long hair put a sugacube on her hand and pipetted a drop into it. 
  The music blasted into Shirley's ears, thump, thump, thump, her heart started beating in along wiv the drum, the drum making it beat, inside her heart, thump, thump, thump. Whoosh, wot the fuck iz going on. Duh, duh, duh, a spiralling swirl ov wot looked like eye blood cells filling the whole ov her vision, but unlike those cells, these ones had colour to them, a vivid purple and green mix around the edges ov the cells, there were other colours too, but they were impossible to identify. The music woz intense, Shirley ripped her top off and threw it on the floor. "yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee," she screamed over and over. Wiggling wiv the double bass, the guy playing it bouncing back and forth. She could see the baseline pumping, purple and green, bouncing through the people on the dance floor. Yellows, reds, no they are gone. She strips off the skirt she borrowed, kicking off her shoes, "bloowaa bib bib flummmmip lob ya na shpumph." She screamed over and over. She then took her knickers off and threw them at the drummer. Dancing and screaming, a massive grin on her face. She woz lovin it. :D
   There were many people that were on the same trip. Clothing being thrown up in the air, spliffs being passed about between everyone. Two blokes started necking each other at the front ov the stage, really into each other were the only ones who were thinking about sex. Everyone else woz just dancing naked and enjoying the freedom. Freedom from the system, besides, if anyone is like me, sex iz the fucking last thing on your mind on LSD. But there are some. We iz all different. The band played for 16 hours none stop. Well it woz more if you could play an instrument, you got up and played. Bongo drums everywhere, anyone and everyone could smash the fuck out ov them, more guitars, flutes, trumpets, pure kaos, the sound would match any gabba, thrash or punk that iz around today and it woz all acoustic.
   After everyone came down they found their clothes or found someone else's, people didn't care, blokes picked up dresses, put them on, some just wore blankets. Shirley swapped some workman overalls, dark brown, from the war wiv some guy for her skirt. The overalls still had markings from the war but they had been modified wiv anti war slogans. A big peace symbol on the back embroidered with purple and green thread. She traded in her girly shoes for some German army para boots. 
  Shirley found Ms Smith outside the warehouse, sitting by a big fire with long hair, passing a chilum about. There were people everywhere sitting in groups drinking home brew ale and homemade wine, passing joints. A fantastical aggregation ov freaks, cross dressing a norm, homosexuality a norm, drugs were everywhere. Nudity, nobody took no notice. 
"Hey babe, loving the new look," Ms Smith jumped up wiv delight, excitedly skipped up a couple steps and tried eating Shirley's tongue. 
"Get a room," laughs long hair. He gets another mix on. Burns a big lump ov hash into hiz hand, sprinkles some weed in, mixed it about between his fingers in hiz free hand. Then put the mix into the chillum. The girls sat down snuggling each other. 
"Bomsanka,"  long hair tapped the centre ov hiz head wiv the lit chillum, passing it on. 
"Wot did ya think?" asked Ms Smith, "I can't describe it,"  Shirley replied, their tribe laughed. "Wot happened?"  Shirley laughed, sending everyone into fits ov laughter. 
  Long hair took his #####, jumped up and gave an indepth talk about the doors ov perception, turn on, tune in and drop out. Welcome to the world ov LSD. Shirley woz still tripping, every sound intensified. She could hear a little bird shouting louder than all the surrounding noise. The words coming from long hairs mouth sank in, but were gone if she tried to think about them. She felt amazing, rushes ov blood flowing, she could feel every drop. She kissed her girlfriend softly, and snuggled into her, wanting to be inside her,  head over heels in love. 
"Hey, they are having a jump the broomstick marriage ceremony at da bottom ov site. You pair need to be there,"  long hair stated, pointing hiz finger at the lovers. 
"Wots that?" Asked Shirley. 
Ms Smith blushed a little, hesitated, then said, "fuck it, if ya gonna break my heart, let's get it out the way." 
  Shirley's heart stopped, she thought that she woz gonna get dumped. 
"I love you, my little minx. You have brought happiness into my life, will you marry me, and be my wife,"  Ms Smith asked warily, scared herself ov being rejected. 
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Came Shirley response, "I will marry you, I knew this woz going to happen, I felt it when I woke. I cut a stick ov broom yesterday," long hair woz more excited than the girls were. He went over to hiz long green army bag, next to it he did have indeed a fresh stick ov broom. 
   Before they knew it they were jumping the broomstick and married off, az long hair woz very cosmic when he woz straight, he woz right away wiv the fairies on acid. The girls got given new names, Shirley's new cosmic name woz Star, and Ms Smith became Moon. Holding hiz hands up in the air he shouted, "Star and Moon. Forever in love. I pronounce you wife and wife!" 
A big cheer erupted, holding hands, the girls snogged each other. 
"Hooray," shouted long hair, "That's an excuse for a two week party!" 
"Hooray."  cheered the tribe. 

  

 

 
