Q The lionheart. 
 At the age ov nine, Prince Richard woz betrothed to the nine year old daughter ov the French king Louis VII, Princess Alais. Henry II, Richard's father had tricked hiz weakling counterpart Louis VII into handing over hiz daughter with the promise ov Richard's hand in marriage, when she became ov age. But, alas, like many promises the king made, this promise woz never fulfilled and she became a prisoner to Henry for 25 years. Where he used her az hiz sex slave. He would shag her up the arse, then get her to clean hiz dick with her mouth and tongue. In the beginning she woz nice and tight. But by the time she woz 34 years old, she had no sphincter musles left and the shit would just flow out ov her body. She smelt fucking awful. She had to go. 
 In 1189, the lionheart, 31 years old. Succeeded the throne, but didn't want to marry that smelly cunt. Besides he preferred fucking babies by now. Due to hiz preferences for boys and babies, he never had an heir. Oh, he had children, but they were bastards, from rapes he committed from where he had ran out ov pig fat and the arse woz too dry and too tight. He would get the women to tickle their own clits, to get them wet. Then fuck them like humans were designed to fuck for reproduction. 
   He didn't like the smell ov women. Dirty, fishy cunts, piss and sweat. The medieval human woz minging, many lived their whole lives without washing. 
  With the lionheart's lack ov interest in women and rufusing to marry dirty smelly cunts who stunk ov fish and piss. On hiz coronation the part ov the Queen woz played by by hiz mother, Eleanor. And how he enjoyed the sex sessions with hiz mother. The only woman that he had any consideration for. 
  When he woz a baby, Eleanor got turned on by when he suckled her tits for milk. She would rub herself between her thighs and squirt like a fountain for about a minute. To watch it, you would be fooled into thinking she woz having a piss. She then made her maids clean up the love juice by drinking it off the floor. But first she would get them to clean her with their tongues. 
  She went through scores ov maids. Always had two at a time. She picked them up around 11 years old. Around the time they had a bed ov pubic hair, but it woz still soft, like a rabbit. By 18 they would be wirery, and only the very sexy ones lasted until the age ov 22. Then they were like brillo pads and she didn't like the long hairs getting stuck in her teeth. So she slit their throats and ate their hearts and bathed in their blood. That's how their lives ended. Up until till death they would spend their whole lives naked in the Queen's quarters. They were made to lick the crack ov the royal arse after a shit. They were made to eat puke off the floor. Any foul thing that needed cleaning up, that woz their lifes work. Every royal member, all over the world did this, and to this day, still does. Though nowadays they can't murdering so many people az they used too. And they have stopped them licking floors and eating shit due to a lot would die from nasty illnesses and diseases. 
  Eleanor would not bathe in the blood ov the diseased one's. These were for fermentation. These were her present for the dirty Muslim and Jewish cunts.
  The lionheart loved hiz mother. Every time he returned to France, he would go to hiz quarters and tell everyone that he woz tired from battle and not to disturb him for a week. From there, there woz a secret passage to Eleanor's quarters. 

....."They would have sex for the week. Shagging, sleeping, Shagging, sleeping. They ate the bodies ov the two teenage girls."........(eyewitness account, of Prince Richard fucking his mother. Marine Martina. 1190.France).

   He pulled back the curtain to where she slept. Eleanor woz naked on the bed. One ov the maids had her head inbetween Eleanor's legs. The other maid woz sitting on Eleanor's face and playing with Eleanor's tits. Rolling one nipple between her finger and thumb. Sucking the other. 
   Her tongue flipped in and out, licking the crack. Lapping slowly upwards from from the hole up to the clit, then wiggled her tongue around the clit, encircling it a number ov times before repeating the process. 
  Blood gushed out all over Eleanor's cunt. She had just come and woz spirting her love juice. So she didn't notice the blood. The hand holding the head ov the maid. The blood woz warm, just like she woz.  When the heart stopped and the blood stopped pouring out the gash in the throat. The lionheart tossed the body on the floor. 
  The maid on top ov Eleanor woz having multiple orgasms and wouldn't have noticed a full on battle going on. See didn't even notice the sword stick into her neck. It woz now and inch deep and blood woz trickling out. Pointing the sword downwards towards the inside ov her body. The lionheart looked at the maid, he could see that she woz really enjoying having hiz mother's tongue up her fanny. This enraged the young prince and he nastily push hard on the sword with gritted teeth. 
   He woz already naked, the sight ov the teenage girls repulsed him. He wasn't into tits. He preferred hairy chests and a nice stiff cock any day. But he had something for hiz mother. Maybe it woz the bond from being in her whom. Maybe it woz institutionalisation ov being her sex object since birth. 
   The girls turned him off, but their blood turned him on and he woz hard. With the death throw ov the maid, he stuck hiz cock into hiz mother's cunt and fucked her hard. She woz sloppy wet, entry woz fast and easy. He fucked her till she woz dry, made her sloppy wet, then fucked her till she woz dry again. They fucked for hours. Ignoring the dead naked bodies. Rubbing their blood over each other. 
  After around eight hours, they stopped the sex session. Lionheart bent over the edge ov the bed and grabbed hiz knife. He punched a hole in the rib cage ov the girl on the bed. Cracking one rib, then another. One more, then he poked hiz fingers inside. Tugging the heart out, ripping into it and tearing in half with hiz teeth. Passed half to hiz mother, ate the other for himself. 
  They stayed in her quarters having sex and eating the bodies until all the flesh had gone. They saved the bones and shit sacks for the pigs. 
